P1exit_20171024_202109_edited
Speaker Key:
IV	Interviewer
P1	Participant

00:00:02
IV1 	How you think the system works in your words or explain it to me like you would to a friend or something.
P1	So there's... I'm not sure how it would work when it's not... When it's no longer trial version of this, but the model that I tried out was, yes, there's two items that I've chosen which can be... Which will be automatically replenished once they go below a certain weight, which I specified myself. And the items are redelivered a couple of days later depending on your criteria. So whether or not you wanted to be quickest or cheapest or most of environmentally friendly, I'm not sure what the criteria were. So I've been trying it out with pasta and tomatoes and, yes, that's it. There's two [unclear] girls, one to wear each item, yes. 
IV1	Cool. Any questions? 
IV2	So she's wearing the thing until [overtalking] are back and [unclear]. 
IV1	So can you tell me how your experience was? 
00:01:14
P1	I felt really guilty using it because there was expensive items and they were being delivered by Addison Lee drivers. So I felt really ashamed because I was getting one bag of tomatoes delivered by an Addison Lee driver. How that would work on a larger scale, I haven't got my head around, whether or not you'd have the whole shelf weight or all of the perishable items, I'm not sure. But the way that it worked, item by item being delivered, like that, yes, I felt really embarrassed because it's just like one driver bringing one packet of pasta from wherever he's taking it from. It just made me really embarrassed. And sometimes they get delivered to the neighbours and I didn’t want the neighbours to know that I had been ordering just one packet of pasta because it's just not very eco-friendly, I guess. That was the main concern. 
IV1	Yes, this was... Yes, for the study... I mean I think usually it wouldn't be like that because that’s obviously a big limitation of the study, but the idea would be rather that you would have... There will be a delivery van going to the street anyway or something like that. 
P1	Yes, because everybody would be signed up to it or something like that. 
00:02:31
IV1	And apart from that? 
P1	I guess it's hard to say because it was just those two items, so I just ended up eating tomatoes and pasta for a month because I'm, like, well, it's easy, it's there and then I had to be... I was lazy with getting other things. I'm trying to think what it would be like if it was a lot of different things in my cupboard, I don’t... It was definitely useful, but as it is, I would not sign up to it as it is. But I know you said that it's just very early days of kind of prototype. The communication was useful from it, I guess, I always knew when stuff was going to arrive and when I had reordered. 
IV1	You mean the message, notification? 
P1	Yes, that was quite useful. So no, really. 
IV1	You mentioned Addison Lee, did you know that company before? 
P1	Yes. 
IV1	Oh okay. 
IV2	What do you know about it? 
P1	Expensive taxi company. Yes, I don’t really know much about them, I know that actually, they're just as shitty to their drivers as Uber are, so. 
IV1	Oh, really?
00:03:51
P1	Yes, it's not a very good company as far as I know. They raise their prices, but the drivers don’t get too much of a cut from it. Yes, so don’t know, I've used them a couple of times. 
IV1	As, like, to taxi... As a taxi or…?
P1	Yes. 
IV1	Just you book them online on the website or...?
P1	On the app. 
IV1	So in general, how did the reordering work for your household? 
P1	I just let it order itself. When it ran out it reordered and I get a text message telling me when it's going to come. I didn’t get too involved. I think once I went on and reordered it myself, but the rest of the times I just let it reorder, which is kind of cool. Because I'm, like, I've got no food, oh wait, there's been a delivery of pasta, which is nice. 
IV1	What did you do... You said once you went on yourself, why did you do that, do you remember? 
00:04:43
P1	Because I wasn't quite sure how it worked in the beginning and I wanted to check. 
IV1	What do you think about the orders? Oh, sorry. 
P1	The quantities, that's one thing that I would say, and I think I mentioned it to you halfway through the study, was that, you know, having one guy coming to deliver this little punnet of tomatoes just seemed so crazy. 
IV1	Yes, we changed that to two packets, because one is, like, 225 so we made it... 
P1	Like really small. So it would arrive, I'd eat them and then it would reorder and I'm, like, shit, there's going to be a driver coming with some more tomatoes tomorrow. So I started to feel really, yes, bad. And then I was like, less… I wanted to eat them less because I was, like, if I eat them then they're going to order some more. So I started buying my own tomatoes because I just felt guilty to eat those [inaudible] coming with the new ones, so. 
IV2	How much tomatoes do you buy? 
P1	I eat tomatoes like a lot, like every day pretty much, so. 
IV2	That's sort of like a...
00:05:39
P1	Oh, on top of that? 
IV2	Yes. 
P1	If I was making a tomato-based sauce I'd buy more because there's not enough in that little thing. 
IV1	Do you remember roughly how often that was in the four weeks? 
P1	How I bought the tomatoes? 
IV1	Yes. 
IV2	Like did you get, like, as much as you received or more or less, roughly? 
P1	Maybe like some tins, [unclear] the tin tomatoes, that would've been more accessible. Don’t know, I'm not sure. Maybe five tins. 
IV1	What do you think about the orders the system made for you?
P1	It was fine. There was once that I got really big tomatoes, which I don’t usually buy myself. I still ate them, it was fine, a tomato is a tomato, but the rest of the time it was, like, nice ones. Yes, it was good. 
IV1	How did the autonomy level work for you? 
P1	What do you mean? 
00:06:34
IV1	You said it's too high and you didn’t change it again, right? 
P1	Yes, it didn’t. 
IV1	And that was good for you? 
P1	Yes. 
IV1	How do you think the agent made the choice for the product? 
P1	Based on whatever criteria I had specified it being, yes. 
IV2	Do you remember what that criteria was? 
P1	I think... Did I put environment? No, I put price first, I put price as my top criteria I think and then maybe eco-friendly.
IV2	They were actually the same in our study. So price and eco-friendly go together. So the cheaper it was the more eco-friendly it was because it would be, like, [unclear]. 
IV1	Or come from far away and probably... 
P1	I'm just going to start, but I'm listening. 
IV1	Yes, sure. 
00:07:20
IV2	Which obviously wasn’t the case for real because of what you pointed with the deliveries, but that we were sort of supposed to simulate. 
IV1	Was there any time that you didn’t like the suggestion that the system made? 
P1	No, it was just pasta and tomatoes, so it's hard to get it wrong I guess. 
IV2	So you told us a little bit about the tomatoes, anything about the pasta? 
P1	Pasta, different shapes. 
IV2	So are you saying that, like, it kind of worked better for the pasta than for the tomatoes? So for the tomatoes for example, you mentioned that, like, you ordered more. Did you have the same with pasta? 
P1	No, because I try not to eat too much pasta because it's really fattening. So I was having a battle with myself to not eat it because it's too delicious and I could eat it every day and get really fat. So I was trying to restrict my use of pasta, but I don't mind eating as many tomatoes as whatever, because it's healthy. 
IV2	So in terms of quantity you would say that, like, pasta worked better than the tomatoes. 
P1	Yes, I think so. I think dry stuff would work better. Dry stuff that you get in large quantities for me would work better with something like that than something that’s perishable that would last a couple of days because it doesn’t really make a lot of sense for me. 
	But, you know, if you're Asian, for example, and you cook a lot of rice it makes sense to have, like, a huge bag of rice that's then redelivered when it runs out or... That makes sense, or pasta, it would sort of make sense or even potatoes and things that’s, like, staples. And I know that tomatoes and things like that is a staple, but it doesn't have to be a staple, you know, there's other things that are just as much. I wouldn't say tomatoes is a staple, if there's tomatoes in my fridge I'll always eat them, but there doesn't have to be always tomatoes in my fridge I suppose. 
IV1	Yes, makes sense. What do you think about how the system knows when to order? 
P1	That's cool. Yes, it's obviously going and communicating back to the server saying hey, it's gone too low. Yes, it's pretty cool. I mean there wasn’t... I didn’t need to do anything really, just open the door to the delivery guy, so it wasn’t a lot of involvement on my part. 
IV2	Did the delivery times always work? 
P1	I think so, except for one time because I wasn’t home, I was away in Paris and my flatmate was not here that weekend, so I think that you guys were trying to contact us, but I wasn’t even seeing the messages because I was overseas. And my flatmate, he didn’t know because all of the communication messages were coming to me, so neither of us was home that weekend or that day, whichever it was. 
IV2	So what happened?
P1	I think it was delivered to a neighbour. 
IV1	Yes, I think a neighbour got it, yes. 
P1	Which usually would be fine in a building like that, someone will always accept the delivery, it's never too much of a problem. 
IV1	Yes, we already talked about this, but the next question is were you able to rely on the system, was the timing of the deliveries good, okay? 
P1	Yes. 
IV1	Like, did you have to wait a few days or...?
P1	Yes, it was fine. 
IV2	Yes, were you ever sort of, like, left without stuff?
IV1	Okay, so tomatoes were...
00:10:36
P1	I'm close to a lot of shops, so it was never... 
IV1	I mean if you would've, like, completely relied on this service?
P1	Yes, almost always the tomatoes were, like, there or gone, it was never just going down and then replaced, it was always like... Because it wasn’t that much, it was like chuck them on the salad then they're gone. And then I'd wait four more days and then there'd be new tomatoes, but it was... There wasn’t really time to where it's just gone down to, like, nothing left. Because I'm the type of person that will eat, like, a punnet of those tomatoes at my desk at lunch, just like snacking. So for me that’s... To keep up with the delivery of someone who... I can snack on fresh veg, like, a lot, do you know what I mean? 
IV1	Yes. 
P1	So I don’t know if it would work for me with fresh veg because it would just be crazy, the amount of deliveries. 
IV1	It's interesting that you kind of then if you get the tomatoes you eat them more. Do you eat them... So you eat more when it's available? 
P1	Yes, I think whenever I've got, like, things like carrot sticks or tomatoes or clementines and things like that in my house I'll always just snack on them because they're yummy and healthy and just it's easy. Certain things, I mean potatoes probably less so because you have to peel them or prepare them or whatever, but yes, definitely things like little fruits and veg, I just eat them. 
00:11:56
IV2	So when you say carrot sticks, you mean, like, the ones that come prepared? 
P1	Yes, I'll have those with, like, hummus and I'll just eat a... Or I'll eat a bag of carrot sticks in two days at my desk at work. Yes, so I guess something that like that being replenished constantly is just crazy because if they're there I'll eat them. And, yes, obviously I'd be paying for them myself, which would make a difference, I probably wouldn't eat them with such reckless abandon, but...
IV1	Have you changed your [unclear] order do you remember? 
P1	No. 
IV1	No, never happened. Why not or you always content with what came?
P1	Mostly, yes. 
IV2	And you only got messages... Yes, so what kind of messages did you get because this is from a different option, I don’t remember which. 
IV1	So you had high, I think, for both and didn’t change it. 
IV2	So in practice, you... What message saying...?
00:12:43
P1	After a time out of blah-blah-blah, you'll have this order at this time or whatever. 
IV2	So just as a, like, this thing is going to arrive? 
P1	Yes, pretty much. 
IV1	Yes and you never intervened, so you always get, like... Oh no, you can't actually, yes, but you never changed the delivery time or anything. Did you… So you trusted the agent to make the right decisions for you, how come you just...? You seemed... 
P1	It's from Waitrose, so you can't go wrong, really. It's like the Porsche of supermarkets, it's like supermarket of dreams, so everything that comes from Waitrose I just trust it instinctively because it's Waitrose. 
IV1	How did you know it was Waitrose? 
P1	Because on their bags, on the paper bags, there's the label that says their, like, nutritional information and then that has Waitrose in tiny little text. 
IV1	Oh, no way, really? 
P1	Yes. 
IV1	That was wrong because we cut everything out that it's not... Crazy. 
P1	Sorry, eagle eye.
00:13:42
IV1	So do you think if it wouldn't have been Waitrose it would make a difference, if you wouldn't have known which shop it comes from?
P1	I'd probably need to know where it comes from, I wouldn't... I definitely wouldn't like to just be eating food that I don’t know really where it comes from. So if I was ever going to sign up for something that for real I'd like to know the groceries, like, it was coming from or the suppliers, definitely. 
IV1	Yes, we kind of already talked about it, but it looks like you never changed the preferences. 
P1	No. 
IV1	Did you ever consider changing them? 
P1	No. 
IV1	And you never had any doubt about them?
P1	No, it was fine. It was, like, pretty straightforward. 
IV1	Can you tell us more about your interactions with this system, so...?
IV2	Did you ever go to the website, for example? 
P1	Just once. 
IV2	And in that [overtalking]...
IV1	After I forgot the password and login so I just left it. [password], that's all I remember, but I don’t remember anything else. 
IV2	So the one time that you went, what did you look at or, like [overtalking].
P1	I just had a little poke around and realised that I didn’t need to do anything, so I just left it and after that I was, like, oh, I don’t actually need to log in, so I didn’t. 
IV1	So your flatmate wasn’t interested in the end to take part? 
P1	Yes, he ate all the tomatoes and pasta with me, but that's about as far as he wants to get involved with it. But he had the same kind of criticisms as me. Our biggest concern was how ineffective, cost-wise, it was to have an Addison Lee driver delivering a little, tiny punnet of tomatoes and then a day later maybe a bag of pasta or something like that. You know, it just didn’t make sense, if the quantities were much larger then it would make sense, but then your study wouldn’t really be conclusive because you'd probably get one order and, like, still be using that, so. 
IV2	Or it would’ve [unclear]. 
IV1	Yes, exactly. So your flatmate didn’t want to sign up for the notifications, he didn’t really mind? Because I don’t think he received them, right?  
P1	No, I did it, yes. 
00:15:57
IV1	When you received the text or the email, what information was important to you? 
P1	The time and the date it was being delivered, that's all. 
IV1	Is there any other information that you can think of that would be useful to receive? 
P1	Not really. I think the main concerns I had was the environmental impact. Yes, and I also struggled to get my head around how it would work in a kitchen environment on a larger scale. I just, I mean obviously you guys have plans for that, but right now I wasn’t able to envisage because if it was a whole shelf worth of things and the pasta went down, how does it differentiate pasta from something else? Unless there's like little slots of grooves, I don’t know, something, but I wasn’t...
IV1	You mean in a kitchen, like your kitchen now? 
P1	Yes, I was trying to think, like, if I was to get something like that installed, my idea of how it would be would be, like, maybe this one shelf, all of the items on that shelf will be reordered automatically. So maybe you've got some sort of a bridge where you slot the items, I don’t know, has its own little scales. I don’t know, but I wasn’t able to envisage how it would be if it was made into a product. 
00:17:12
IV2	For each pack would then get something... 
P1	Inside the pack? 
IV2	Yes. 
IV1	And maybe if you have, like, jars for stuff then... 
P1	You'd fill up the jars with those things. 
IV2	But even boxes, you know, so sometimes you can buy pasta in boxes or even just, like, bags. There's been some people looking into, like, how you could sense that, which is not yet something that we could put a [unclear] scale, but something like…
P1	Something like that would be probably cool, but then I definitely would like to know that... I don’t know, I'd have to have a minimum of five products to have run out before the reorder is going to happen, unless I had a guarantee that everyone in my building was already signed up to it and then that the truck was already coming. Because there's no way I could sleep easy knowing I've got one driver driving across London with my punnet of tomatoes, like that's just crazy. 
IV1	Yes, that's true. Just trying to find all the question that we didn’t... Because we talked about how often... When you went into the website. Did you visit the website on your mobile or on your computer, on your…? Do you remember? 
P1	On both I think. I think it, yes, was the same night. I'm not sure if it was on my computer or on the phone. Actually my phone I think, I can't remember, to be honest. 
00:18:36
IV1	So with the system, did your food consumption change somehow? 
P1	Yes. Usually I eat pasta, like, once or twice a month. I think I just ate pasta constantly, 50 different pasta dishes. Yes, but that's because I'm lazy really, I mean when I know there's pasta and tomatoes there I'll just be, like, all right, I'll eat the pasta and tomatoes with some sort of chillies or something else, just make it, yes. 
IV1	Why did you eat more pasta, exactly? 
P1	Because it was there and it was just coming and I knew that I didn’t have to worry about it. So I was, like, okay, it's in the cupboard, I can eat them, so yes. But probably, usually, I'd eat maybe less pasta. 
IV2	What will be the [unclear]?
P1	Well, tonight I'm making a curry, so I guess...
IV2	Potatoes? 
00:19:23
P1	Rice. 
IV1	And you said avocado last time, right? 
P1	Yes, I eat a lot of avocados. I mean it depends on what I'm cooking. Usually I think the reason that my eating habits changed is because usually I look up a recipe, I figure out what I need and I pop to the shop on the way home from work. So I don’t really do weekly shops, I do shops for, like, five, six items every day. Like today I got my ingredients to make a curry, but because I knew that there was these two repeated items that were going to be in my kitchen no matter what. Then I'm, like, lazy to look up recipes. I'm, like, oh it's fine, I'll whip something together with some pasta. So I'll get a couple of extra things to add to, like, to make a pasta dish because I knew it was going to be there. So, yes, that was why. 
IV1	Did your practices changes regarding food shopping? 
P1	No, not really. I mean I guess in that sense that I was a bit lazy to go to get other stuff because that was being sent to me. It was, like, it made me lazy to have to go to, like, a supermarket to get some other stuff. I mean I still cooked other things obviously, yes. 
IV1	Did the origin of delivery or the length of travel affect your decisions? 
00:20:40
P1	No because I didn’t change it. Because price and environmentally you said are linked anyway, so it wouldn't have made any difference if I had changed it. Because those two would be the top things that I'd be concerned about. 
IV1	Did you think this information is useful to have? 
P1	About how far? 
IV1	Yes. 
P1	Yes, definitely. I try and eat seasonal as much as possible. Yes, like at the moment I'm trying to eat more wintery vegetables and certain things to avoid at certain times of year, but... 
IV1	How do you know if something's in season? 
P1	Well, I mean you kind of know what's from the UK. So, like, strawberries are in season in summer time, so I'm not going to go buying strawberries in winter time because then I know they've come from somewhere really far away, same for asparagus. There's certain things I just know when it's in season, just those... I live here and I grew up in the countryside, so you know what's in season in different times of year. 
IV1	Did you form any new habit with the system when you think about the last four weeks? 
00:21:52
P1	I don’t think so, no. 
IV1	Could you imagine that such a system could help you to be more sustainable? 
P1	If you took into account the things I said earlier, I mean possibly, but it needs a lot of readjusting in order to get there. The way it is now, no. 
IV2	You mean... How do you mean readjusting? 
P1	As in it would need to be, like, more products that are all being delivered at once. So almost, like, more, like, your groceries are being replenished. Single item replenishment is not something that could be sustainable. 
IV2	Yes, definitely. That's the idea, so like we're doing two at a time because...
P1	Yes, to do a small test. 
IV2	Just because, yes, in terms of resources and stuff like that, that's what we can afford right now. But yes, the idea is to, like, all or most or a large part of your grocery list would be coming from something like that. 
P1	That kind of... It scares me a little bit, because, like, if I do do a grocery shop the only... Most reason I don’t is because I don’t have a car, right, when I go to Sainsbury's it's a bit of nightmare, even though it's, like, a ten minute walk. Just because it's heavy and cumbersome so I rather buy from my local corner shops, it's organic and it has nice things. But I mean if I did go there and spend, say, 30 or £40 on a weekly shop and then I run out of something that's being redelivered and then two days later I'm having another item redelivered, I don’t know, that would work for me. I'd need it to be more not just one item being delivered and then a day later I run out of yoghurt and then it's a day later. That’s, you know, I think that doesn't really make a lot of logical sense to me. I'd rather it was just... 
00:23:41
IV2	Yes, so if things could be kind of, like, group together, right? Like you could... 
P1	Yes, dairy comes at once or something or, I don’t know. 
IV2	Or even just like, depend, like... Because normally you would run out of several things at the same... Not exactly the same day, but maybe... 
P1	Close. 
IV2	Yes. 
P1	Okay, so then you'd have, like, once a week or something your replenished items would come or something like that, that might work better. But then I guess that’s almost the same as having... You can do that already on Sainsbury's so you kind of say do you want, like, a repeat order for some of the things if you order online. You can order, that option, I'd use this though. 
00:24:17
IV2	Which is best, though, kind of on a time, right? 
P1	Yes, I think so. So, like, I have never done it, but I think so, yes, I think it's like once a week or something you can say okay, redeliver these basics or whatever. 
IV2	And did you think at all about this idea of, like, swapping things? So for example in the pasta you saying that for...
P1	Penne. 
IV2	Penne, but them you got also other shops, which you said, like...
P1	Pasta is pasta, so it doesn't matter so much. I mean if I was Italian I would probably think it was an outrageous thing, but I'm not, so pasta is pasta so I didn't mind substitutions. 
IV2	And how... And also the same for tomatoes, right, at some points, like, you got bigger tomatoes and you felt that that was just as good or almost as good? 
P1	It's fine, I mean a tomato's a tomato. They're my least favourite, like, the big ones, they don’t taste as good, but... 
IV2	And what about other things [inaudible] like adding that to the bigger picture? 
00:25:19
P1	Like if that was meat or something and I asked for chicken and I got lamb, [unclear] never happen, but... 
IV2	What will be an example from something vegetarian? 
P1	A type of cheese, maybe. like I love cheese, so if I was ordering one type of cheese and I got a totally different type of cheese I'd probably be pissed off, but if I ordered a cheddar and I got... You know, one brand of cheddar and I got a different one that's similar, I'd probably be fine, I'm not that fussy. 
IV2	And did you think at all about how that could play in terms of, like, environmental and sort of sustainable consequences? 
P1	Not really. In what way? 
IV2	Do you want to talk about that? 
IV1	No, you can. 
P1	Oh, all right. 
IV1	Yes, no we talked about it, but I think, yes... 
IV2	Or did you have other questions that you want to get into before... 
IV1	You talk, go for it. 
00:26:06
IV2	Because I think we covered most of the... Sorry, we have a list of things, like remember to ask about this, this and this. 
IV1	Yes, but I think the sustainability one is a good one now anyway. 
IV2	Yes, so say for example that some other people in your area or your building were ordering something that is not the same as you normally order. But then if you order the same you'll be, say for example, combine delivery, which would be, say, cheaper and more sustainable. Or that, say for example, you normally order rice, but instead of rice, say for example, you get barley. 
P1	I hate barley, really, it's one of the things I don’t even eat. So no, definitely, I mean because I had an argument with somebody once because they tried to convince me that noodles is the same thing as spaghetti, I'm like it's not the same at all. 
IV2	But what about like... Do you eat any other grain other than barley? 
P1	I don’t eat barley. I eat bulgur wheat, I eat rice, I eat quinoa, brown rice. I guess that would be the grains that I'd eat. 
IV2	So yes, this kind of like swap. Okay, obviously there will be something you [overtalking].
00:27:20
P1	I mean if it's something very similar. 
IV2	I guess it depends what you call very similar, right, like how similar is, like, rice and quinoa? 
P1	Similar. 
IV1	Not very. Really? 
P1	I would say it's, like... I mean you could have, it might be a bit weird, but I could probably have quinoa with this curry and it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world. But, you know, saying that rice and noodles is the same thing, just because they're the same shape, like, if you send me some Asian noodles and I'm making a pasta dish, like that's not going to work, so. 
IV2	Sure, there will be a personal element, right. Because for example I think from my point... For me it's exactly the opposite as for you, in the sense that like, I would eat barley but I'm not a fan of quinoa by any chance, but like, yes, by far. So I kind of... Like I would swap rice for barley, but not for quinoa, so there would be an element of, like, personal... 
P1	Yes, I guess if you could customise all of that in the beginning, then yes, fine, I wouldn't mind substitutions if it meant that the environmental impact was less, yes. 
IV1	Yes, I guess other ways in which it could help you to be more sustainable is maybe cutting food-wise, if it is more able to predict or do you throw... Depending how often you throw away food. 
00:28:35
P1	Not so often because I tend to buy small amounts. The only time I tend to maybe throw away food is if I go to a food market and they serve things in these big bowls, you know, so you get like a huge thing of spinach, or a huge thing... I try and freeze it and I try and eat it, but sometimes I forget to freeze it and then there's just too much to eat. But if you could do it from, like, markets like those where you actually get food at a very good price, that would be cool. 
IV2	Do you have markets like that locally? 
IV1	Yes, like Dalston. Actually, my housemate, he goes to those... He passes by a lot of those kind of nice food markets almost every day on the way home. So usually he gets his vegetables from there and he's just promised me that he's going to start getting my vegetables from there as well. Because I'm actually currently buying my vegetables from the local shop, so it's organic but it's a lot more expensive. Yes, like yesterday he came home with, like, a bag of spinach this big for, like, £1. So you can't really argue with that. 
IV1	What kind of food markets are this? 
P1	Just where you can like... Just food markets. 
IV1	Outdoor marketing.
00:29:51
P1	Not like the fancy ones, like Borough Market, but like, you know, local ones like Dalston and, which one, Whitecross Street. There's just loads all over Hackney. 
IV1	Are these, like, the farmers' market kind of style or is it different? 
P1	I don’t know, I don’t think so. I don’t know where the produce is coming from, I guess... They don’t advertise in those farmers' markets, they're just, like, local markets where you can have crazy prices. Like five avocadoes for £1. 
IV1	Wow, that's really good. 
P1	Like good, yes. 
IV2	And are they kind of daily or just sort of... 
P1	Daily, yes. The one in Dalston is daily, it's just not on Sundays, but it's Monday to Saturday, there from early in the morning until about 7:00, 6:30 in the evening. 
IV1	Okay, yes, that it, the next... Were you keeping an eye on the budget also, or not... You didn't really log in. 
P1	I lost the details to log in with and then I lost your phone number. So yes, I just let it happen really, to be honest. 
00:30:58
IV1	If you would’ve gotten the details to you think you would check more often? 
P1	Probably, yes. I was curious to see how much I had spent by the end, but yes, I don’t know because I couldn't remember my login details, sorry, useless. 
IV1	No, don’t worry. Was there any time that the system did not work as you expected it to be? 
P1	Just once there was a delivery that was late, quite a bit late, but I mean it's humans. I mean if it was a robot delivering I'd be pissed off, but it's a guy in traffic, so it's fine. 
IV1	Did it ever happen to you that you ran out completely out of food and had to wait for... Like run out of tomatoes and then you had to buy them? 
P1	Yes, but that's just because the portion was small so you'd... I mean there's two of us in this flat and we had them in the kitchen so you're just walking by, you're like, tomatoes and then it's like they're gone again, so. 
IV1	Yes, well actually I forgot, I wanted to ask before when I asked about if your food practices changed, do you think you ate more because it was redelivered or...?
00:32:09
P1	Yes. 
IV1	Because it was...
P1	Not in general, but probably more of those two ingredients than I would've usually just because it was just being redeliver so I got lazy. So I'm like, all right, well it's being redelivered. So yes, I guess that’s the different habit, I don’t usually just constantly eat tomatoes and pasta, but I did. 
IV1	Yes, interesting. 
P1	My belly's pretty angry, I've got a tummy now, I need to go back to the gym. 
IV1	So can you think of any benefits for you of having the system? 
P1	Not sure I would sign up for something like that right now. I don’t like things being too convenient. This Amazon thing, the robot thing, that they’ve just introduced, I don’t know what it's called, some girl's name. I just think it's so over-the-top and scary and I know probably that’s the same thing I said about mobile phones when they were first introduced when I was in university in the 90s. 
IV2	Sorry, what Amazon thing? 
P1	There's this Amazon little robot thing now and they advertise it, it's called, like, Sylvia or something, I'm not sure. 
IV2	Alexa. 
P1	Alexa, whatever it's called, and I just saw an ad for it and it really terrified me. I'm just, like, I don’t want that level of invasion in my house, so I'm probably the wrong person to do this kind of study. Because I'm almost wanting to get rid of technology from the house, I feel like it's taking over and I feel like one day we'll just be these, like, slugs who don’t even have to move, like just in some, I don’t know, self-washing sleeping bag that you can also do your job in. I feel like it's disgusting how we're moving towards technology more and more. So for me, no, I wouldn't use something like that. I just don’t like the idea of something monitoring my behaviour and something knowing about my behaviour and what I'm doing. This Alexa-thing, I know it's different, but it's similar, you know, it's technology getting more and more involved in the home. I just don’t think it's necessary, we were fine for years, we've always been fine, you know. It just makes people get fatter and lazier. 
IV2	From that point of view, do you feel like... 
P1	For old, if I was, like, an old granny and I had a wheelchair and I couldn't get up and down the stairs, that'd probably be brilliant for me. For me right now, you know, I'm lazy enough, like, I can go to the shop and get my ingredients, it's not going to kill me. 
00:34:31
IV1	Did you feel that you were more aware... Like were you aware of the monitoring then, like that the stuff was monitored? 
P1	I didn't mind. I've done another experiment for [unclear], he listened to all the sounds in the house, so that was kind of weird. So I'm kind of, I'm open to these type of experiments because I'm a curious person by nature, but whether or not I'd allow something that was in my house on a permanent basis, that was, like, listening... Like monitoring and listening and weighing and redelivering, I don’t know, it's quite invasive. 
IV2	That was the question that I was [overtalking]. 
IV1	Oh yes, that's I was... I thought I knew you want to ask this. You said at the start, another one thing, you said when I asked you about if you would have the benefits, you said that you would... That was like 20 minutes ago or something, I made a note and I forgot to ask again, you said that the system would need a few adjustments. So apart from the delivery obviously that is not great, can you think of other adjustments of the system? 
P1	Well like how it would actually work on a practical level, that's why I discussed already, like, okay you're saying it would be the jars themselves that have weights or, I don’t know, if the shelf is divided into boxes or something like that, then yes, that makes sense. I guess that was what I would say in terms of the adjustments. And also, you know, how's it being delivered, is it really an Addison Lee driver? Surely he's got better things to do than deliver my tomatoes. 
00:36:09
	Because obviously if that was me, I know the prices are unrealistic because it's based on something that's done on a very small scale, but if that was me and the price that it was... I do remember from when I logged in the first time, I was like £5 and one was, like, £7.50 or something for some tomatoes. Which is, like, crazy, but obviously that's because it's being delivered by a driver who charges a fiver and then the tomatoes cost two quid or whatever, so that makes sense. But would I spend that? Like, no, no way. You know, you go to the market and you get, honestly, this big and it's £1, so. 
IV2	It was also because we wanted to, like, scale the price in a way that... So say that you were doing, like, all of your groceries from it, then the kind of difference that you could save on different options will be sort of like comparable to [unclear] monetary basis. So yes, it was definitely, like, inflated, [inaudible]. Just to give you a feeling of how much you could save or not safe on a monetary basis on your entire [unclear]. 
P1	That makes sense. 
IV1	And what did you think about the devices itself, like the boxes and stuff for [overtalking]? 
00:37:18
P1	They were fine, they were... 
IV1	I mean practical?
P1	Yes, they're fine [overtalking].
IV1	Did you look at them or something, no? 
P1	No, just like they didn’t annoy me because they're not massive or annoying, so it's fine. 
IV1	What did you most like about the system? 
P1	Free food for a month. I guess I liked it best that I didn't have to think about it too much. So if I was using it, I liked that it could just get on and do it, that was pretty cool. Whether or not I actually would like to sign up for something that would just get on and do something for me, that's another question. But, you know, if I had decided to commit to a product like that and it just went ahead and just got on with my ordering. If that was what I subscribed to do, it was pretty hassle-free, there wasn’t much I could complain about. 
00:38:05
IV1	You said you wouldn't like something doing something for you, why not? 
P1	I'm an able-bodied, healthy person, I don’t want things to do everything for me, I find it scary and weird. Maybe I'm, like, the old generation fogy, but like, I just don’t need it. As long as I can still use my limbs and my brain then I'm happy to do stuff for myself. 
IV1	Sounds reasonable. So if you think about...
P1	But, like, for sick people or old people, people who are house-bound, you know, it's good. 
IV1	When you think about the data, which data would be... When you think about the data, so here we only collected the weight, right, what do you think, what kind of data would also be good to capture? Can you think about other more data or your data that would've been useful in that context? 
P1	Best before date. 
IV1	That's a good one actually. 
P1	If you've got a big pot of something and you haven't actually touched it, you know, maybe there's a reminder, your pasta has now gone bad. 
00:39:20
IV1	So the system is integrated, like to monitor what's going off. 
P1	Yes. I don’t know, like it could work really well for a restaurant or something like that. I don’t know, I don’t want it to take any more information from me I think, yes. I just think it's weird, technology in the home, it's kind of weird. 
IV1	Yes, why? 
P1	It's just unnecessary, isn't it? We're all just... Look around nowadays and this is all you see. It's like people are too connected to technology all the time, they're either on their phones or their laptops or the Internet in some other way. And I just feel like we need a technological revolution, move back away from technology and reconnect with people on a real level. Humans interacting rather than interacting with machines, which is what we're moving more and more towards. I don’t know, yes, but that’s just me. 
IV1	Yes, no I guess young people get used to it more and more, to just like... 
P1	Babies' thumbs have gotten fatter, babies have evolved to have fatter thumbs. 
IV1	Really? 
P1	Yes, for swiping. 
IV1	No, come on. 
00:40:28
P1	Yes, apparently. That's wrong. 
IV1	Yes, that's definitely wrong. Cool, okay, I think we're done with the questions. Anything else? Shall we look at the data, actually? 
P1	Yes. 
IV1	So I think you...
P1	Let's see how much faster I've eaten [unclear]. 
IV1	So when did we... On the 25th of October. When did we start? 27th, that's when it started. So these are your tomatoes. So I guess this was a small packet and then, I don’t know if you bought some more on the 7th of October because it's like... 
IV2	That looks like the network went down. 
IV1	Yes, this is definitely that there was from an afternoon until... One day actually there was a connection loss, it's interesting that it was exactly one day and then it went up again. But here on the 6th actually, here as well, here it's the same. Or no...
IV2	It just [unclear]. 
IV1	Yes, exactly, from here. 
00:41:32
P1	So these are the reorders, yes? 
IV1	Yes, exactly, I think... So this is just... 
IV2	When it goes up, the reorder, yes. 
IV1	But this is just your weight data, so this is... In this graph it doesn't...
IV2	So the [overtalking] is it just today? 
IV1	So, yes, these are... I think these are, like, hours or something. It's hard to say, I don’t know what one is, I have to find out actually, this is just the way so you can... This is just what we collected from the scales and you can nicely see all the... With the pasta and you usually use half a packet or something and then... I guess, looks like it. 
P1	Yes, I guess so. 
IV1	And for the tomatoes, I guess because there are fewer ones it's a bit more chaotic, but usually, yes, it can kind of tell that you have in your packet and that is when it empty quite quickly. 
  
P2exit_20171031_edited
Speaker Key:
IV1	Female Interviewer
IV2	Male Interviewer
P2_a	Interviewee Least accent 
P2_b	Interviewee Deep voice accent
P2_c	Interviewee High voice accent

IV1	All right, I need to. It would be great if you could tell me quickly, in your own words, if you could explain the study and the system to me, the way you would explain it to a friend, if you did that, or something. Explain, like, in a few words.
A1	Yes. Do you guys want to do it?	
A2	You can start, if you want.
A1	So, if I had to explain this to a friend I’d say that it is a system that automatically delivers food or any supermarket goods on a weekly basis, or based on how much you consume, or how much you spend. And so, whenever you run out of an ingredient or a supermarket good, an automatic delivery is set for a certain time. And that person, someone will be at your house at a certain time that’s been pre-agreed to deliver that product. That’s how I would explain it.
00:01:07
IV1	Anything to add?
A1	I actually explained this to a few people.
A3	Yes, me too. 
A2	They always ask, like, also how does it work? So, then I say like, also we have these two [?] scales.
A3	[Overtalking]. These two [?] scales, weigh it like [?] and send a then signal to the computer.
A2	[Unclear] computer, and blah blah blah.
IV1	Cool, okay.
A1	Actually no one, it’s a bit weird that no one asked me that.
A2	Really?
A1	Yes.
A2	Because [unclear], how do they know?
00:01:34
A1	People sometimes are a bit stupid, they don’t think [unclear]. They don’t really go into, you know?
A3	Do they ask anything that like, for specific details, at all?
A1	Not really, actually. Well, they say that, but why? Why you are doing that? 
IV1	So, how was your experience for the last four weeks?
A3	It’s actually been great.
A2	I think it was very good, actually. The only problem is when they started taking everything to the number 17, instead of here, then I had to come. Because there was one day it was like a full day, but then they came the day after. 
A3	It was like, ah, I need to go again to the number 17. And then the woman, because they just had men, and then the woman, his mum, is like, why eggs? [Unclear] special, it’s eggs. Organics. 
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] something inside the eggs. 
A1	I think that it was very good in the sense that we never run, I mean, we did, but just for, not for like days, or sometimes it was just for hours, or overnight, or.
00:02:43
A3	I tell you if we run out for one day it was weird because we were eating, like eggs, like, on a daily basis, it’s like [unclear].
A1	So it was good in the sense that we pretty much never run out of anything, it would potentially, but this is not a negative aspect, this is just due to our lives. So, I think that it was, sometimes, it was a bit hard to, like, synchronise the delivery times with our availability. But we’re not a family, we don’t have kids, we’re quite young so we go out a lot, and we spend a lot of time out of the house. 
A2	Yes.
A3	So we don’t have like a routine. 
A1	And we don’t have a really, like, we don’t have a very strict routine, so I think that it’s basically because of our lifestyle more than anything else. 
IV1	How did you? Yes, sorry.
A1	But if we were a family, let’s say that we were, every day, or most of the days, at home for like, seven onwards, or eight onwards, it would have been easier, I think. In terms of setting up times and delivery times, basically.
IV1	How did you arrange that somebody’s at home, then?
A2	Well, we normally are up at seven every day, and work [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Yes. It happened that occasionally we weren’t home, or Sunday morning, we went to the gym, or something like that. Or went for a drink, or someone had dinner, but it worked generally speaking, I think.
IV1	Because I think there were two times where I think there was a delivery problem. One time it was put in number 17, and then somebody called me and said, 17 is not home, so I said, oh no, sorry, it was 18, and then they tried here, and then they said nobody opened, and then they [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. Yes, that’s weird because it was last Thursday, but I was.
IV1	[Overtalking]. And you said you were home [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. Or Wednesday.
A3	But we were upstairs, and there is no bell, so they just knock, sometimes just we don’t.
A2	But that week when I was sick, I was all day [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. But I think if he just actually passed the door downstairs, which has the bell.
A2	Oh, because the [unclear].
00:04:48
A1	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] when they went to the number 18, actually, you can’t hear.
A2	Because they changed the door system, so now you don’t need to ring the doorbell, you can just open.
IV1	Ah, I didn’t know that.
A2	So maybe he did that.
A1	It was, though, back to normal at some point, but for a while the door, and it’s still like that, it’s open.
A2	And did everyone get their [?].
A1	So I think that because they were here for so many times, at some point they were already, like.
A3	They knew it about [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. They knew that they could get in like that.
IV1	Yes, I was surprised, because actually it worked really well for the first, like ten times, and it was just the last two or three times where there was a problem.
A2	Yes.
00:05:23
A3	They knew that they could [unclear], but there’s no bell here [unclear].
IV2	Sorry, just to go back to your point earlier, you were saying that it was good because you never ran out of something.
A1	Yes.
IV2	How would you compare that, you know, in your previous situation when you didn’t have the system? Would you say that [unclear]?
A1	[Overtalking]. Well, if you don’t, you just don’t have. You don’t use it, right? Like for example, in terms of, for example, sometimes, you know, you’re home, and you don’t, and you’ve run out of eggs, for example, which is, you know, was one of the ingredients. As much as you want to have eggs, you will probably find an alternative because you don’t feel like going to the supermarket, because it’s too cold, or you’re too tired, or something like that. With this system you never run out of those very basic ingredients that you use on a weekly basis. So, in that sense it was actually quite good. 
A3	And also the fact that they were there, at like [unclear]. Because though I, in my salad [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. And I was eating more eggs, and more bread. 
00:06:23
IV1	Oh really?
A2	Yes, because it was there. Maybe in a different situation I buy like a bag of six eggs, and then I’m like, okay, and I’m going have like one today, and blah blah blah. But then [inaudible].
A3	I’m not [?] going to go have like ten eggs in an omelette today, [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear]. 
A1	I actually made a cake. I did. But I think it’s just, it’s one of those things where, yes, I don’t know. Yes, I think it’s just very practical, that, you know, you have everything, you know, there, and you can just use it. 
IV2	And as well they were really good eggs. 
A1	Yes, the eggs were very good, actually. And then you don’t really have to go, like, you don’t need to leave the house. For example, I actually, I have a lot of eggs because I don’t eat that much meat, but for example, on the weekends, on Saturdays and Sundays I will most definitely have eggs for breakfast, and it was good to wake up and have fresh eggs at home, and not having to like put on my gym kit and go to the supermarket. Which is really close, but it’s just very convenient.
00:07:27 
A2	Ah, it’s the same. I think when you wake up like [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. You just wake up and you just have stuff there, and you don’t have to, you know? So, in that sense I think it was very practical. 
IV2	That’s great.
IV1	Cool. So, yes, I forgot to say [inaudible] the typical [inaudible] procedure, you don’t need to answer all the questions, and I might ask a question twice, or [inaudible]. Sorry, I’m going to turn my phone off. Somebody, my boyfriend probably, [unclear]. So, what do you think in general about the orders the system made for you?
A2	About that?
IV1	Did that work? Like, the kind of orders? 
IV2	The orders that you got from the.
A3	So, the quality of the eggs and bread, or?
IV1	No, not the quality, but you, I mean, okay for you, you kind of, one time you got white bread instead of brown bread, do you remember that?
A2	Oh, there was a problem, yes.
A3	No, it was, yes. We were ordering always brown, and then we received white. 
A2	Yes, so why was that?
IV1	[Overtalking]. It was a substitute, because sometimes. So basically, I don’t know how much, we’ll talk about this later about the website, but like the agent would rank the, would look through the virtual market, right, and rank everything for you. And sometimes stuff is sold out, and then you get the substitute. 
A2	Oh.
A3	Ah. I didn’t mind, because.
A2	Because after that I went on the website, when I was checking [?] also, because you said we could see the lottery, you know, and something [?], and then I changed to high priority or something, so they wouldn’t be bringing [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
IV1	Oh, all right. Okay.
A2	And then I thought, maybe now they only bring the brown. 


00:09:02
IV1	Yes. I don’t remember actually why, let me look up, I don’t remember what your, I should have looked at it, what your settings were. But I can just look in. Ah, here, here. I’ve got it. [Unclear]. So. Ah yes, you put price first, and then property, so it would rank everything the cheapest first, and then. So, it would be like, brown bread, and then white bread, and then whatever, granary. And then if the first option sometimes is not available then we give you the second. But that was, like, not, you didn’t really like that? Your substitute? 
A1	Oh, it was fine.
A2	It’s okay, but because I don’t really eat white bread now, well, now because I was [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. I mean, in a real-life scenario where potentially someone might have, like, an allergy or something like that, it wouldn’t be ideal. But in our case I think it was, I didn’t mind. 
IV2	[Overtalking]. It didn’t matter. [Unclear] change.
A1	But I mean, let’s say that this was like a real-life scenario where you have an app, or something, I think it would be thoughtful to ask the person if. But I mean, but we did, in a way you did because it was an alternative. So, if this was in a real life, you know, situation, as long as the person.
00:10:16
A2	But you didn’t ask us, before, no?
IV1	Because you set autonomy too high, right, so there were these.
A2	[Overtalking]. Oh, so send then it will send whatever.
IV2	[Overtalking]. Yes, it will, yes, [unclear].
A2	Ah, I didn’t know that. 
A1	Exactly, so.
IV1	[Overtalking]. You remember here we set the autonomy level. And if you have it on medium it says here that it replaces the order, but you can change the order. 
A2	Ah, okay.
A1	But yes, it wasn’t [unclear].
IV2	And sorry, who changed the autonomy? Is it.
IV1	Because I think after, so when was it, on the 6th November, no wait, 6th October, so basically I think you started off with medium for bread and high for eggs, and then it got changed to high for both of them, do you remember? Has somebody.
A2	I changed that after the bread, the thing with the bread, I think.  
00:11:08
IV1	Ah. 
A2	So I, because I thought then high would be that they only bring that type of bread, so we wouldn’t then get white.
IV1	Ah, okay.
IV2	Right, I see. 
IV1	Ah, okay.
A2	I don’t know if it made sense, but.
IV2	Oh no, it’s fine. Yes, yes.
IV1	Do you, then you also changed the trigger to 400 from 240 for the bread, do you remember that? 
A2	Er, no. 
IV1	I think, no?
A3	No.
IV1	On the 19th, two weeks ago.
A2	[Overtalking]. To more or less? 
00:11:40
IV1	Two weeks ago tomorrow. So basically that it triggers earlier, so.
A2	Ah! I think I did that because there were several days that we didn’t, like, have any bread, so I thought then it means that we will get it every day.
IV1	[Overtalking]. Earlier, exactly. That’s’ what happened. And that worked, then? That’s.
A2	I think so, because we always had bread, no? it was only eggs at some points, so I didn’t even change the eggs. 
IV1	Oh. Why did you only change?
A2	Because we had eggs that day, so I thought, I don’t know if you remember there was one day when we had just one piece of bread that was like, the last.
IV2	Yes, yes.
A2	So I thought if I change this they will bring it faster.
IV2	Right.

00:12:18
A2	The bread, but then with the eggs because we had that particular day, I forgot to change that. But then I remember we didn’t have eggs on [unclear] priority, some days, no?
A3	Another thing if you make an omelette with, like seven eggs, and then the other one, the next one goes like, oh, there are four left, so it’s like, in one day they are gone, normally.
A1	Yes, which is good in a way, because in a way we took it to an extreme that actually made us be more conscious about how much we were consuming throughout that process.
IV1	Yes? How? Can you explain a bit?
A1	In terms of like because it was always there, and because it’s easily accessible, I think you get a bit more conscious of the fact that you are consuming those products. Because they’re very, even though you don’t have, like, the timing of going to the supermarket, you know, that sort of like pattern of, like going out and buying stuff, it’s good because it’s just. Also, I would like, I think it’s in my, one of the things I would like to point out is the fact that it’s actually good in the sense that you’re not going to the supermarket, by not going to the supermarket you’re not being by, you’re not being bombarded by loads of things. 
00:13:43
	This happens to me a lot, like. I go to the supermarket and I end up buying stuff that I didn’t need. So, by having like deliveries, specific deliveries of things, you end up like only using whatever you have, which in terms of, you know, savings, could potentially work. Because you only use the products that you have. You don’t really go to the supermarket. 
IV1	Right. Only things that you really need, right stuff, I guess.
A1	Exactly. 
IV1	How do you think the agent made the choices, then? Like what you’re going to get delivered? 
A2	Give? What do you mean?
A3	Basically the same always, right?
IV1	Yes.
A3	It was in the same place, because it was the same packet, and.
A1	Yes, it was very, like, homogenous, I think. 
IV1	Okay. Ah yes, so, were you, you already mentioned, were you able to rely on the system? So, was the timing of deliveries was okay?
00:14:36
A1	Yes. Generally, yes. I mean we had said that we, we had sort of like.
A2	[Overtalking]. I remember there were some days that we didn’t have eggs, so I bought eggs, but I didn’t [?] put them there, because I thought then it will go crazy.
IV1	[Overtalking]. Because it will upset [?] the, yes, yes. 
A2	But maybe that there were like some days that it was too long. In the end I don’t remember when.
IV1	Was it then because the next order was too long, too far away? You just went out, exactly, and then, okay. Have you ever changed or cancelled an order? Not really, I think, right?
A2	No.
IV1	But you all got the messages, right?
A1	Yes.
IV1	Okay. Did you look at them? 
A1	Yes.
A2	Yes. Well, they have it on your phone, it was just the email.
IV2	[Overtalking]. Email, well [unclear] anyway.
00:15:24
A2	Ah, the thing is that sometimes, because it tells you the time and then it takes one hour to confirm, sometimes I was like, oh, I’m not going to be home, and then I was going to ask you, like, will you be there the day, but then I was doing something else and I forgot, so maybe I would change that. 
IV1	So it’s more than an hour? 
A2	This step, so it is, yes, a bit more. So, you have time, because maybe I was in the middle of something and [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. But also, I’m like, sort of like, foreseeing this in a real-life situation, it wouldn’t be an email. It would probably be an app.
IV1	Mhm.
A1	And you’d look at your.
A2	[Overtalking]. How about you get the text messages, is it the same? 
A3	Yes, but the app just sends your [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. But the app, but you get.
00:16:08
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. But you get the different, and you get the different sense of, the app’s I think an app would work differently, because you can make it interactive, you can make it, like, more appealing for the user, you can have, like, a snooze where you say, I can’t look at the message now, but then you get another notification like ten minutes after, or something like that I mean, I think that in, I’m seeing. I’m a graphic designer so I’m probably seeing this from a user experience point of view, but there would be like definitely ways of making it more appealing, or more interactive, you know? If it was an app or something like that. 
IV1	Well, what kind of ways? We can make, what? Is there something you specifically think about [unclear]?
A1	[Overtalking]. For example, the wording could be a bit more appealing, like, hi Diogo [?], make it a bit more personal. Hi Diogo [?], it looks like you’re running out of eggs. You know? Or make a joke, make a pun or say something that will be a bit more engaging, or the app itself could, you know, send you a notification, and then you open the app and you get some sort of animation or something like that. I mean those things really make a difference when, you know, because you live in a digital world, when you get like something that is a bit more appealing then it’s more engaging. It probably makes a difference, I think. 
00:17:24
IV1	Yes, that’s interesting.
A2	[Unclear] with Amazon Fresh, you choose before, the time, no?
A1	[Unclear].
A2	Yes, yes. [Inaudible] I think it’s before your [unclear].
IV2	Yes, it’s three hours [unclear].
A2	So you have, like the whole [unclear]. You can check if it’s after, every time [?]. [Inaudible] you can access the Amazon website, and then you can change
IV1	Mmm, always change it.
A2	Because I, in the middle of this I ordered from there. And I remember I could, you have, like, this thing on the website, like a timetable.
A1	It’s like Ocado. I mean, it’s different, because Ocado doesn’t work the same way, but you can change the delivery times like, up to like six hours before the [unclear].
IV1	[Overtalking]. Delivery [unclear], yes. You didn’t sign up for the text messages, right? Do you remember why you didn’t put in your [unclear]?
00:18:17
A3	[Overtalking]. Because it was a bit annoyance [?] in a way, and there’d be, like, so many [?] things. 
A1	I’m terrible with text messages. For some reason I read WhatsApp messages, and text messages I just, like, I just feel like text messages are the kind of thing, you will only get, like a text message from the NHS saying you have an appointment next Friday.
A2	Really? You’re sent those text messages?
A3	English people does.
A2	Ah, you, right, like with British people?
A3	Yes, yes.
A1	I don’t really send text messages. Like, I don’t, for me iMessage doesn’t even exist on my phone. I only get text messages when I’m getting notifications for, like, very serious things. 
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A1	Or work stuff. But I mean, I do send occasionally, I mean if someone sends me a text message I don’t reply with an email, obviously, but I, do you know?
00:19:12
IV1	Mmm. So, when you received the messages, what kind of information was interesting to you in the message?
A3	The time.
A2	Just the time and the date. 
IV1	The delivery time, right?
A3	Oh, maybe the fact that it’s actually rain out, it’s like, okay, there’s rain out. 
A2	It says, oh, because maybe you didn’t think before that that you’re running out of egg, or whatever. 
IV2	To me [?] I can do 12 eggs [unclear].
IV1	Did you pay attention to which depot it came from? Like it usually would tell you if it’s local or remote from [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A2	No. 
IV1	That didn’t really interest you? 
A3	No, I was only looking at the time. [Unclear] the rest. 
00:20:05
IV1	Okay. What other information could have been useful there? What do you think was missing [unclear]?
A1	I don’t think [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. No, it was great [?].
A2	Yes, what’s important is to know the time. 
IV2	Sorry, speaking, going back to the depot question, so without the scale, do you have specific places that you go to to buy this, like, the eggs and the bread? Or is it, like, you’re fairly kind of flexible? 
A2	For me, today for example, that I was like, oh, I don’t have eggs, so I bought next to [workplace] in Sainsbury’s in front of [underground] station, because I felt like I didn’t want to arrive here and then go to Tesco, so it depends. But if I’m home I will go to Tesco, because it’s like ten minutes from, not, like, five minutes away. But then today I was just passing by Sainsbury’s, so I bought it there.
IV2	So there’s not strong connection to a specific place? 
A2	Like for particular ingredients?
IV2	Yes.
00:21:08
A2	Well, for starters.
A1	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A2	For some, yes. Some for example I like at Lidl because it’s like £3, and here it’s five something at Tesco’s.
A1	I think if it’s like a weekend shopping, we’ll probably go to, we’ll go to a bigger supermarket. If it’s like a daily thing, then we’ll go to the local Tesco, right?
IV2	Yes, I’m asking [unclear] just sort of in connection to the local depot, because you said like you didn’t really pay attention to that, so maybe there’s something that’s.
A1	No, not really. And also, I think we relied on the quality of the products, because we were happy with the bread and the eggs, we weren’t really. I mean, let’s say that, if at some point we weren’t happy with the product we would probably look at the message and say, where did this come from? Because I don’t really like this. 
IV1	Oh, okay.
A1	Compared with the other ones. But because we were generally happy we never looked into, like.
IV1	That’s fascinating. Yes. So, the taste and the quality made [unclear].
00:22:03
A1	It was very like, again, it was very homogenous I think, so there weren’t major differences. If there was a major difference then we would probably think, like, let’s say that we were talking about fruits. Let’s say that I’m from, well, I am from Portugal, but this is not a really, let’s say that Portuguese strawberries are delicious, and I knew up front that these strawberries were Portuguese, if for some reason the strawberries weren’t that good, I’d be like, where are these strawberries from, and then I’d probably look in to see where they come from. Other than that.
IV1	Did you visit the website?
A1	I didn’t visit that much, actually. I relied on the emails. I logged into the website like, twice. Two or three times.
A2	I did when the battery problem. 
A1	Exactly, I did, yes, again. With that.
IV1	Yes, the battery ran low, it’s weird. It didn’t happen for anyone else. I mean, like, it’s not your fault, it’s the scale was probably wrong. But then you charged it, and it was fine. I mean it ran out, I think the battery ran out just like, last Friday or something. So, I just thought like, oh, yes, whatever. So, that’s fine Sorry, go on. 
A1	No, no, just. Yes. 
00:23:13
A2	For me just that, and when I changed the thing because I thought maybe it’s faster. 
IV2	Ah, right, yes. Oh, by the way, when you said like you changed the thing, were you aware of the change? 
A2	Yes, I didn’t tell anyone. It was just, I want. 
A1	Does this all the time!
IV1	Oh, really?
A1	I don’t mean that! Joking, no, joking, I’m joking.
A2	[Overtalking]. But you know, I did it for everyone, because we would get the bread faster. So, whatever. 
IV2	And I guess you.
A1	[Overtalking]. Especially with house parties. 
IV2	We have a house party now. Then you were fine with that, like you didn’t.
A3	Oh, yes. 
A2	I mean, they just found out today, so.
00:23:49
A3	You did tell me, you did tell me.
A1	And we didn’t fight over, we didn’t fight over bread, or.
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] the bread, but about the priorities. 
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear]. Also, I told him, but I forgot. 
IV1	The what?
A3	He told me about the priorities. [unclear] because he didn’t like the white bread. 
IV2	So usually when the preferences are changed there’s not much discussion going on? Or is there, actually?
A2	If I told you, but I don’t even remember about this. I guess there was discussion.
A3	It was, oh, we received white bread, I think I’m going to change the priority. And I was like, do whatever you want. 
A2	Because I saw that bread, I mean it looks so artificial, like. You know?
A3	The white. But actually it’s.
A2	Like cardboard. [Unclear].
00:24:39
IV1	We have to change it. You said you logged in two or three times, what did you do?
A1	I didn’t really do anything. I just checked the hours, and, like, I was just looking at it. Yes. I wouldn’t say three times, I’d say, like, two times. 
A2	Appreciating the design.
A1	But, I mean, I was, like, you know, I was looking, I was probably paying a bit more attention to that, but, I mean, I get that it’s a trial, it’s not [unclear].
IV1	[Overtalking]. Mmm, yes. It’s a prototype, exactly. 
A1	Yes, of course.
IV1	And you didn’t check it? Ah, you only checked in for the bread, really. Is there any information that would have been useful, additionally, to what was on the website? Like when you went on the website, would you expect, was there anything you would expect to be there which wasn’t?
A2	Maybe if you have, like, I don’t know if you have on Amazon or [unclear] Ocado, [unclear], but like a timetable where you can change, you know, [unclear].
IV1	[Overtalking]. Yes.

00:25:36
A1	[Overtalking]. But again, I think that’s an interface issue, a design issue, an interface issue more than anything else, right?
IV1	That’s a good point.
A1	Because as long as you have a list with the hours, that’s what you will need at this point. I mean, I don’t know how the project will evolve, but I think that at this point you can’t really expect to, because, for example, with Ocado we have an amazing thing which I find quite interesting, which is the fact that you can choose, from all the delivery options that you have, you can choose the green option, which essentially means that you’ll probably have to wait more, but at least you know that the driver is in that area, and the driver’s not coming on purpose just to deliver your stuff. So, which means that within that time period he will deliver to more people instead of just you, which is preferable for the environment. So those kinds of details I think that, you know, if this was to be taken forward, could potentially work.
IV1	Oh yes, it’s interesting because actually in, so, I don’t remember if. So, we talked about that, for example when you, so basically when the agent makes this product list, and then it orders it depending on your preferences, and it can deliver something in three days, or one day. And three days usually means it comes slow from far away, or it is close anyway, but one day sometimes is expensive and then it’s far away, and it comes quickly, which is quite bad, because.
00:27:10
A2	[Overtalking]. Yes, and Judo [?] asked about this.
IV1	Yes. But you didn’t, you forgot about it, I guess, or.
A3	No, I know about that. 
A1	But I don’t think.
A2	[Overtalking]. Yes, I remember that it was more expensive because it was coming from further, then cheaper because it was, like.
IV1	Yes. But also, when it comes from further away, maybe I didn’t mention, I don’t remember, but when it comes from further away quicker, that’s probably, like, bad because it’s by plane, or, you know, then it’s probably less environmentally friendly. You don’t remember that?
A3	I think I do.
A2	That part I don’t know.
IV1	But yes, it’s definitely, it’s actually, I didn’t know about Ocado, and I think [?] that’s something very important, that you get this kind of information, right? So maybe in the interface it should be more clear, because now it’s kind of hidden, then, right?
00:27:56
IV2	Yes, and we need to [unclear].
A1	But also there’s the element of paying for it, which you don’t have here. So, in the real-life situation you would be more conscious about how much are you willing to pay for the delivery? But because there isn’t the element, I think that there isn’t an element of being penalised by anything here, so we weren’t as conscious about it. 
A2	But you know you have an amount of money that you can spend.
A1	Yes, I know, but still, you’re sort of like more comfortable.
IV1	[Overtalking]. And it’s not your own money, I guess, yes. 
A1	Yes. So, I think maybe because of that we weren’t as conscious as we would be in a real situation. 
IV1	Yes, makes sense, yes.  Did you use your phone, or did you use the computer when you logged into the website?
A2	The computer. 
A1	I used the computer, yes. 
IV1	Ah, just the [unclear]. 
00:28:58
IV1	How did your food consumption change with the system? [Unclear].
A2	I feel, as I said before, that I was eating more eggs, and.
A1	[Overtalking]. I was eating more bread, definitely. 
A2	Because I was like, we have them, and you have them in front of you there, [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Especially arriving home after a night out. One night I was particularly intoxicated by alcohol, and I had like five slices before I went to bed. I was like ah. Whereas, yes, if, yes, and I had bread instead of, I don’t know, well [unclear], ten slices of cheese, which in a way was better. 
A2	But I think, as you said before, because we were not paying for it, it has, it also influences the way we were just [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Of course it does. 
A2	Because I think, you know, the order I had from Amazon, and I’m not eating everything like, whoa, you know? Because I think, oh, I paid this much for this, so I don’t want to spend it for like, two days. So, I think, today I’m going to eat this, tomorrow this.
A1	Also.
00:30:08
A2	While.
A3	[Overtalking]. Every time I was getting to the kitchen any of you were doing omelettes. 
IV1	[Unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. Omelettes.
A3	[Overtalking]. Every time I get to the kitchen, it was like.
A1	[Overtalking]. But I make omelettes quite frequently, and he does as well.
A3	Yes, but every day?
A1	Also, I think there’s the fact that if, you know, under normal circumstances we would probably freeze the bread. 
A3	I do.
A1	You freeze bread. You couldn’t freeze this bread because by freezing it you’d have to take it out the scales, or you couldn’t do it. But we could potentially do that, so. And, you know, we didn’t do it. But, yes.
00:30:50
IV1	But how come you were eating more, then? Why, exactly?
A1	I really don’t know why. I. Was I eating more?
A3	[Overtalking]. I wasn’t. I was eating normal, but these two, they were like, crazy. 
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] bringing more, so.
A1	[Overtalking]. Look, I eat a lot of eggs. 
A3	I was thinking, I was like, I can’t believe yesterday we got 12, and now we have two. That’s unbelievable.
A2	But I think it was influenced also, myself, now that we are not having that anymore, because I went to buy eggs today, and I bought eggs the other day, so I feel that after this I am eating more eggs than before, so maybe it has changed my habits.
IV1	[Overtalking]. But why? Why did you?
A2	Now that I have to pay. I don’t know, I think it’s the fact of having that in front of you all the time,
A3	Because they were free, and because they were in front of you. That’s, I think it was that.
A2	Because normally we have eggs in the fridge or the cupboard. But this is like in front, so it is like always, you are cooking, and it’s just next to the scales. 
A1	Yes. I can’t really tell why, but I think something tells me that it’s like a psychological, sort of like, aspect where because you see it you use it more, I don’t know. It’s like you don’t have a bowl of candy, and then suddenly you have a bowl of candy, and you’re sitting in front of the TV, and you will eat them because they’re there. They’re there, so you’ll have them, right? 
A2	Because even with the things I have in the fridge, things I have behind, it can be like a week and I’m like, oh, I forgot I had this. [Unclear]
A1	[Overtalking]. Like having ice-cream, for example, sometimes that. Occasionally I buy ice cream and I forget that I have ice-cream because it’s in the fridge, and then one day I just feel like having a snack, and I’m like, oh! I actually have ice-cream, so I could have some of that. I think it’s the fact that it’s visible.
IV1	But usually you have the eggs in the cupboard, you say? You don’t have them, like, lying around?
A1	I usually have them in the fridge.
A2	Sometimes in the fridge, or in the cupboard.
00:32:39
A1	Because, yes. I sometimes. I have them in the fridge because recently I had, like, food poisoning because of eggs [unclear].
IV1	[Overtalking]. Oh, really?
A1	Yes, well it was.
IV2	But you didn’t get sick from these eggs?
A1	No, it was in the peak of summer, this house was boiling hot, I made some scrambled eggs for lunch, and it didn’t work for me. So, from that moment on I started putting them in the fridge, but [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. But you can put them in water, do you know the trick? And then if they float.
A1	[Overtalking]. I know, but in my head I just assumed they were okay. 
IV2	Sorry, so you mentioned you feel like you were buying more eggs than you used to before the study.
A2	Yes, now I have been eating a lot of eggs. 
IV2	How about for the bread? Any kind of similar change, would you say?
A1	No.
IV2	No?
A2	For I [?], the same. 
IV2	It kind of went back to the normal, like before the study, or? 
A1	No, I actually kept on eating bread, just not that bread. I had, like, loads of bagels last week. 
IV2	So it’s the same amount?
A2	You know that I never, I would never eat a lot of eggs in the past, because I remember growing up and being told that it’s not good to eat a lot of eggs. 
IV1	[Overtalking]. Not healthy, or?
A2	But then when I got here I see that people have them for breakfast all the time. 
A1	Yes, it’s like.
A2	And now I go the gym, so I feel like it’s protein, so. You know, you can [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] oh my God. 
A1	Yes, I was thinking about that, actually. You’re physically more active now, so [unclear] to that. That we should be eat the white, instead of the yolk, and the yolk is very bad for your cholesterol. 
00:34:20
A3	Yes you think cakes will be more healthy with the eggs, so he [unclear].
A1	Oh my God, I don’t know.
A2	Now because people eat eggs after going to the gym, to [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] steaks.  
IV2	You were saying that you were making a lot of omelettes, [unclear].
A3	No, these two. 
IV2	Ah, these two, okay.
A1	In saying that, you made tortilla like twice. 
A2	You made tortilla too!
A3	One! Once!
A1	For us, but then you made it for yourself. No. You had the cake as well! The cake I made. 
A3	Yes, [unclear].
00:34:49
A2	You were also frying eggs and stuff.
A3	You were all the time. Every night that you were cooking, an egg, or two [?]. And I need a pan, because my little pan, it was really nice before, and I might just throw it, because [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. I don’t think it’s [unclear].
A3	[Unclear] do like a scale with pans.
IV2	So we made you addicted to eggs.
A2	Yes. Now it has changed my [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Eggs are very good for your eyes, for your eyesight, so. 
A2	Oh really, as well?
A1	Yes. Very good. 
A2	Ah, it’s good. 
A1	Good for your eyes, yes. 
00:35:19
A2	That’s why I can see everything so clearly. 
IV2	Yes, that’s why I am wearing glasses, because I haven’t got that much.
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] wearing my glasses. No, I have contacts now. 
IV1	One question about, I remember when we came here four weeks ago, you said you don’t really share bread and eggs, do you? Everybody has their own. 
A1	Yes, I was about to make that point, actually. But, but.
IV1	Yes, exactly. Yes, sorry, any comments?
A1	No, no. I’m glad you mention it, because I thought about it and then I forgot. It’s funny to realise that we buy stuff separately, like we don’t really share those kinds of expenses. But then, with the eggs and he bread, it’s ran [?] like, things went, things worked pretty well, actually. 
A3	Yes, we didn’t have any [unclear].
A1	We didn’t have, like, any, like, disagreements or anything like that.
IV2	So I think the point is, if we now have like a, anything that we are selling, we will be discussing who is going to buy in this, and it’s just trying to go to the supermarket and by price [?], or.
00:36:22
A1	It was nice that it just flowed really well, I guess. Despite the fact that we never share food, I mean, we did, but occasionally. 
IV1	Yes. But not like on a regular basis. 
A1	Yes.
IV2	Would you say you started to share more, then?
A1	I would say that, I wouldn’t say that we shared more, I would say that, how would I put this?
A3	I think maybe because the supply was really easy, we didn’t have any discussion between us [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Yes, because it was always there. Again, we go back to the same aspect, like. It was always there. It was always very accessible. It was always available to the three of us. So.
IV1	Yes, you mentioned before that you don’t need to pay for it, and that’s why it’s so, like, easy, but do you know that you get the remaining budget for, as cash? [Unclear]. Okay, you knew about that, okay. Because that does, that should have a little influence, I mean that doesn’t have to, but it’s just like, the more I guess you order, the less you [unclear]. But on the other hand, you get the reward [unclear]. It’s kind of. 
00:37:25
A2	Yes, I checked out on the website once of like, one of the [unclear].
IV2	How much of it did you spend? 
A2	I don’t know now, but I checked in the middle.
IV1	We’ll find out at the end. 
A1	Maybe we spent like, £300 [unclear].
A2	Now we have to pay.
IV2	Now you have to pay us. 
A1	In eggs.
IV2	[Inaudible].
A1	It’s so handy that I have a chicken here. Can you imagine if we had done this with like, wine? 
A2	We will be alcoholics.
A1	We would all be alcoholic by now.  
00:38:02
A2	Because we have [unclear] it would be wine, but [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. No, that’s wouldn’t [unclear].
IV1	It’s a crazy thought, actually, right, if you have a redelivery for alcohol, it’s pretty.
A2	Ah, no, I’d love to have it. I’d love to have it. 
A1	Some people do. Like, Virgin does wine delivery.
A2	Yes, they, who?
A1	Virgin. They have Virgin wines, and they deliver
A2	Really? I didn’t know.
A1	Yes.
IV1	Virgin the TV thing, kind of? The mobile Virgin?
A2	Is it the same company? Because they have Virgin Airlines.
A1	Yes, same company. Virgin Wines or whatever, and they do monthly deliveries of wine. Which is perfect in this country. The amount of wine British people drink, I mean seriously. I see people buying so much wine in the supermarket. 
IV2	It’s for cooking. 
00:38:44
A1	It’s like, what?
IV1	I’m making pasta, I need red wine, yes, yes. What potential benefits do you see having a system like this for like sustainability reasons, do you see? Are there any? Can you imagine that such a system could help you to be more sustainable? 
A1	It’s difficult. 
A2	More sustainable? But in terms of?
A1	From what perspective? Like, ecological point of view? 
IV1	Yes. 
IV2	For all, I guess, aspects.
A2	I think if you choose this option that it takes longer but it will come from your local neighbourhood or whatever, then it has a consequence, I guess. But then I don’t see it, can you think of other?
A1	I think that there’s always an element of, you know, I think that, you know, I know that that’s the future, that’s how we’re going to be, like in the future that’s how things will be processed anyway, but I think that there’s always, you know, when you have deliveries at your house, there’s always this thing where you have someone who’ll have to drive on purpose to deliver at your door, and, you know? 
00:39:58
	And also things like Amazon next-day delivery, like. I’m going to give you an example. Two years ago my parents were spending Christmas here. Actually, it wasn’t Christmas, but my mum was here. And for some reason, because I had this promotional code, I had this Amazon Prime thing for a month, and because my mum was here for a short period of time she wanted to buy something on Amazon, we bought it, and then I chose same day delivery, actually. 
	So, on that day at, the delivery is supposed to take place at like, ten, but the guy was really late, and he showed up at, like 12 in the evening. And it was raining, it was miserable outside, it was really cold. This person, he wasn’t British, he was probably an immigrant from some country where perhaps he was doing this job out of, you know, making some money on the side, and the moment I opened the door he almost begged me not to complain to Amazon, or not to give him a bad review. Which really made me think about, like, the conditions where these people are working.
	And I remember that I’m thinking, oh my God, this same day delivery thing is awful for these people, because they’re just basically like, running around the city to deliver these things, these ridiculous things that people buy that they don’t actually need for that day. Because it’s just out of, you know? 
00:41:24
IV1	Convenience, yes.
A1	Yes. And so, I think that there’s something that needs to be told about deliveries. In saying that, you mentioned sustainability. If I had a family, if I had, let’s say, three kids, this is really convenient, because you don’t have to drag the kids to the supermarket. They’ll scream all the time, they’ll be all over the place, they’ll be asking you to buy Kinder Surprise eggs, they will be crying, and it’s just a fuss. Like, you see these parents at the supermarket with the kids going crazy. 
	So, it’s really good in that sense. Like, you just have regular deliveries of stuff, you don’t need to go to the supermarket, and it’s very convenient because you can actually plan your meals in advance. And when you have kids, that’s quite handy. 
	But I kind of do, I kind of have a problem with, like deliveries in general, because it’s just, oh, you bought an iPhone cover, and then, for next day delivery, then this person is coming on purpose to your house to deliver an iPhone cover. Which is something that is like, completely superfluous. 
IV1	Yes, yes. No, it makes sense.
IV2	You were saying about convenience, but do you think like somehow it helps you, or maybe it hinders you to try something new? Because you were saying like, oh, it.

00:42:44
A1	Actually it does. I just placed a delivery of fruits and vegetables today with Abel Cole, Abel and Cole.
IV2	Abel and Cole, yes. 
A1	Because I got a promotional voucher that gives you 50% off on your first and your fourth delivery, not sure if I’m going to take it up to the fourth delivery, because you can cancel after it, but I just placed an order today of a fruit and vegetables box, and they will deliver on Thursday. So.
A2	[Unclear].	
IV1	That’s like, day after tomorrow. 	
A1	So I think that I probably did it because the eggs and bread thing worked so well.
IV1	Oh really? Okay.
A1	I think so, yes. And also, because I could choose my own vegetables. And actually, like, I mean, the convenience of the price, like, I bought. The initial price was £25, and I bought it for nine.
IV1	Oh, wow.
00:43:46
A1	Like a massive box of fruits and vegetables.
A2	[Overtalking]. Really? [Unclear].
A1	That will probably last for like, the next three weeks. Which will probably be a lot for me, but then I can cook and freeze the food [?], so it’s fine.
IV1	What kind of box? Is it like random stuff, or did you pick what you can?
A1	I, it comes with pre-selected fruits and vegetables, but then you can change some of them, and I changed based on more expensive vegetables. So, I changed, for example, onions for aubergines, because I can buy onions from Tesco and they will be cheap, and aubergines are a little bit more expensive, so I thought, why not?
IV1	Yes, it makes sense.
A1	And I chose as well thinking on the vegetables that will last longer. Because it’s a lot of quantity. 
A2	So, it says that every Sunday they deliver the, so you can also register it to have like a.
A1	You can register to have register to have frequent deliveries like every week, but you can only cancel the next delivery after the first has been delivered. 
00:44:52
	So, because my delivery is on Thursday, I can only cancel the second one from Thursday onwards. And also, they have something that I noticed today on their website. You can actually register your holidays. So, if you have weekly deliveries, if you go on a holiday they don’t deliver that week. 
IV2	That’s clever. That’s useful.
IV1	Are you happy with the fact that you can’t cancel the first day delivery? Or is that okay?
A1	Oh yes, sure. 
IV1	The next question will be being you keeping an eye on the budget, but you said no, you only would look [unclear].
A2	I checked only once because, just by chance, because I was doing this thing with the bread, so I was like, oh, let’s, But then I never thought of that.
IV1	Was there any time that the system did not work as you expected? Apart from the bread, the white bread. 
IV2	[Unclear] traumatised about the bread. 
00:45:54
A2	No, no, I’m not traumatised, man. No, I think what would be good is if they have the number, like for example that day that we were in the house but maybe we couldn’t [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. The phone number, they can, like, take the phone number.
A2	So then they can call you. 
IV2	True.
IV1	Yes, that’s true.
A2	So then straight away you have that I’m here, because then the first time I think we didn’t know until you said, oh, they went to the. Because they were calling you, actually right?
IV1	Yes, yes. Exactly.
A2	So they.
A3	Also [unclear] delivery, they were like, what’s so special in these eggs? Because I’m coming just for these.
IV1	Oh, they asked you as well? 
A3	Yes. 
00:46:26
A1	They thought it was funny. 
A3	They are [?], but it what’s the company because we [unclear].
IV1	It was, we just used Shuttle [?], we just two, I don’t know. Gophr [?] and shuttle, we just used whatever was working best at the moment, because some, depending on price, and.
A3	What are the names? 
IV1	Shuttle, and.
A1	Because it was, it had no brand, like bike had no brands. 
IV1	Yes, because we repackaged it, right?
A1	Ah, okay.
IV1	Did you not remember; did we not tell you that? 
A2	What?
IV1	I think we did. That we repackaged everything. Like, not really repackaged.
A1	Yes, yes.
00:46:58
IV1	Ah, no, we repackaged the bread, but eggs were just, we just took the label off the eggs. So, because.
A2	[Overtalking]. Ah. Also, you were receiving it first?
IV1	No, we bought it, actually. So, we got a Waitrose around the corner, actually I shouldn’t have said that, anyway, I forget.
A2	And it was coming here, then, to here? 
IV1	So we bought it and somebody.
A3	[Overtalking]. It’s just a delivery company.
IV2	[Overtalking]. It’s just a courier company.
IV1	A courier got it from [workplace] and bought it here. 
A2	Ah, okay.
IV1	Because you were asking do you know other delivery companies, or are you wondering which just kind of company they came from?
A2	[Overtalking]. No, I was thinking if it was like one of these Ocado, or like. But not even, if it was going first to you. 
00:47:34
A1	But I think that the fact that it was brand-less, it actually helped, because, let’s face it, I mean people have, like, these, there was, actually, there was a TV show about this a few days ago, or a few months ago. People have these pre-conceived ideas like, you know, oh, I prefer this brand to that brand. And then in essence, when you analyse the products, they’re pretty much the same thing. They all come from the same place. So, I think that the fact that it didn’t have any brands, it helped in the process of making it, like, as fluid as possible. 
	Because then let’s say that one day there was a different type of bread, and I was feeling different, and, you know, my recipe was different, and then it was tasting different, I would probably point out the fact that, oh, it’s a different brand, that’s why it tastes different. 
A3	Because me, I’m actually, like, me, on seriously brands and all stuff on [unclear].
IV1	At what, sorry?
A3	I’m serious, I go, I prefer like, everything like, blank, and then just [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Yes. I think.
A3	[Overtalking]. I guess [?] [unclear] to be quality, instead.
IV2	Right, right. 
00:48:36
A1	There’s too, like, yes, there’s too much. 
A3	Like companies [?], and others [?]. 
IV1	Yes, I mean, ideally, this is just, like, a trial, ideally it would be. So, we would have wanted to go for something like Ocado, and something with some truck that delivers to everyone, but you can’t do that for single items, I think. So, we were think, spending a lot of time in the study thinking about, oh how can we do the deliveries, but there’s actually no other way of you only have a few items, then you have to use a courier, so it’s kind of a limitation of the study. So, but, in the future system obviously it would work differently, it would be like Ocado’s doing, where they have a truck that is going around everywhere. 
A1	Different areas. 
IV1	Yes, so it’s sustainable. Because now obviously it’s super un-sustainable to have like, one person like [unclear] or something. But yes, it’s good that you didn’t get too hung up on it. What was. Yes, actually we talked about a lot of stuff, so a lot of these questions actually are already said. What are benefits for you having the system? 

00:49:40
A2	Benefits? I guess it’s like, because going, like, grocery shopping is time consuming, so this means that we are not going to the place, and wasting time. What else?
A1	Although we love going to the supermarket. 
A2	I love going if it’s for, like, little things, but if it’s a big, you know? I hate going all the way to Lidl. But I love going to Lidl. But I hate the act of going [unclear].
A3	Here we go.
A2	20 minutes to go, I don’t know if it’s bi-polar [?], but I love, like, being there, but not going, like the process of going. [Unclear] because if I go there it’s like, how long does it, like, 15 minutes, 20 minutes? 
A1	Yes, yes. 
A2	And then have to wait for the bus because I don’t want to come back with, like, all these bags, so. And then this bus, the [bus number], takes forever sometimes, like 15 minutes.
A1	That’s because you don’t have a bicycle.
A2	But even with a bicycle if I like, have all these massive bags.
00:50:42
A1	But it’s better for the environment.
A3	I actually a lot of stuff on my bicycle. 
A1	If you have a big.
A3	[Overtalking]. My backpack, and then two bags. 
A1	[Overtalking]. No, because, yes. A backpack. If you have a big backpack it’s absolutely fine. 
IV2	How about limitations, instead? Like what do you think having the system kind of hindered you from what you used to, or?
A2	I guess that you cannot really improvise. Like imagine that someone says, okay, come to my place now for dinner, and then you know at that time someone is coming with. You cannot be like, okay, I’m going to change the plans.
A1	Sure. But again, I think that’s, I mean, obviously, yes, that would be an inconvenience, but again, I think it has to do with our lifestyle. Very hardly a mum of four would have someone for dinner on a Tuesday evening. I [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. Yes, but what about if a friend tells you, how was it? You remember the time [?] someone told me to go to a concert, Christian had a free ticket, and I don’t know if it was about this, or something. You remember that something was happening, and I couldn’t go to that, and I am here. Maybe it wasn’t for this. 
A1	I think it wasn’t because of this, it was because of something else.
IV2	Because you have so many friends, you have so many friends and so many events, [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. No, I had something I had to wait for here. Actually, what was it?
A1	You had to be here for some other reason.
A2	Yes, so imagine in that case it would be like, oh, I could have gone to this concert, but, like, that happened for another reason, I don’t know but whatever we do for [unclear].
IV1	Right, that would be a limitation, yes.
A1	I mean of course the system is, you know, designed for someone who clearly plans ahead, right? Because you wouldn’t buy something online, or, you wouldn’t plan your meals up front, if you’re not an organised person. Right? Am I saying something stupid? 
00:52:48
IV1	No, that’s completely right. Yes.
A1	Right, I think that it’s like, you know, it’s designed for a very specific profile, where, for a person who actually plans in advance. Or someone who’s got a lifestyle that is, sort of, more or less repetitive. So that’s why I think that it’s very good in terms of like, you know, if you have a family. 
IV2	You were saying, like, the opposite.
A3	Maybe also the opposite. If you don’t think, like, because now you have eggs there all the time, so you don’t need to think ahead.
A1	Yes, you might have a point there. Yes.
A3	It’s different [unclear].
A1	But eggs and bread are not exactly like fruits and vegetables or things that might, you know, go off in a shorter period of time. Eggs last for, like, a long, long time. 
IV2	But in terms of your personal lifestyle?


00:53:46
A1	In terms of my, like, in terms of my experience? I did the Abel and Cole thing just to try out to see if it works, but I’m a bit old school in terms of my shopping. I like smelling and touching the vegetables. I’m the kind of person that will, like, spend time in the process of choosing the ingredients. So, I would prefer to go to the supermarket. But, I mean.
IV2	You can’t smell and touch an egg.
A1	But, yes. And also, like, yes. I mean, if it’s like, things like milk, eggs, bread, you know, dry ingredients, absolutely fine. Fruits and vegetables, meat, fish. I mean, I tried this, but I’m going to see if it works. But I’d rather choose it from the supermarket or the market. 
IV1	Yes, I think you mentioned that in the entry interview as well, that like, packaged stuff is fine, but all the other things you want to touch. 
A2	I think it can be also helpful when buying very heavy stuff, because you, like you said, maybe like milk, or [unclear]
A1	[Overtalking]. That kind of stuff. We need to buy, like.
A2	We have someone going.
00:55:02
A1	Yes. Bottles of water, bottles of milk, you know, heavy stuff, yes, definitely.
IV2	Water would be really, really useful? 
A1	What?
IV2	Bottled water that you are using [unclear] right now.
A1	Yes, I mean.
IV2	Which is actually what’s happening in the office.
A2	Oh, you mean the tanks? 
IV2	Like, five litres of water [unclear].
IV1	Did you use the system in other ways than intended? Any? Somehow? No?
A2	How?
IV1	I mean you could, I don’t know, look, like, when you get the message or are running out you could, like, don’t know, call your friend and say why did you eat it? Like call each other and, I don’t know. That would be something where you would use it otherwise. Like the intention is obviously that it reorders for you, but you could use the information that you get in some other way, right? But you didn’t do that? What did you think about the devices itself, were they practical? 
00:55:57
A3	Yes, for eggs and bread, it was good.
IV2	I’m sorry, the actual, like, the scale, the part, the small.
IV1	The weigh station.
A2	I was always a bit scared I will, or someone will come and start touching [?].
A1	I was very conscious of that as well.
IV1	Ah, don’t touch it! Really?
IV2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear]. [Unclear] would do it like this, and I was like, no.
IV1	Interesting. 
A2	Because I was worried [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. The bread bag was sort of like, it’s big, so sometimes it would be, like, bending, and we would be, like, adjusting it so it was, like, in the middle of the scale. But it worked pretty fine. I mean, it wouldn’t work with a cabbage, obviously. Or a massive cauliflower. But it works with bread and eggs. 
00:56:43
IV1	Interesting, so you kind of formed a habit, a bit, around trying it.
A1	Keeping it, like, centred, and, yes. 
IV1	Interesting.
IV2	The routine is that, I think they covered that, pretty much. 
IV1	Yes. Would you continue to use this service if you would have the chance, that it just goes on forever?
IV2	Maybe not only just for eggs and bread, maybe for other things.
A1	I would use it for the things I use every week. For the ingredients that I know that I will use somehow, anyhow, anyway. Yes. 
IV2	How about you guys?
A3	Yes.
A2	Yes, I feel the same way. For things that I use.
A1	It would be perfect for you for your orange juice. He’s got an orange juice addiction, so it would be perfect for that, actually. You would never run out of orange juice. Right?
A3	Anything [?], because I buy, like, 20 bottles.
00:57:39
A1	And then you’d have to have a delivery of Gaviscon as well, because you’ll have so much heartburn. You’d need a, like, weekly delivery of Gaviscon. 
IV2	Yes, you don’t need to think about, oh, I need to buy 20 packs of orange juice now, it’s just going to be there anyway. 
A1	Things like coffee, tea, orange juice, eggs, bread, milk, water, sugar, those things I think it would be, it would work amazingly. 
IV1	I understand. Yes, I think there’s not much left.
A1	Oil. Olive oil. Oil. Yes.
IV1	One last question: I would be interested if you, so, the scale is obviously capturing the weight and measuring that. Can you think of any other sensor data or data that would have been useful in that concept? Or that the system like this should have about you? Like something that you think.
A1	[Overtalking]. Probably a sensor on the fridge that tells you, that detects when something’s missing. Is that the point of the question?
IV1	Yes. 
00:58:48
A2	Or maybe if it takes, like, the times, I don’t know if you care controlling that or we cannot see that, but like when is going down, so then you can control, like. Or during the weekends I tend to eat more of this, or during in the middle of the week, or at night, like something that is connected in that way to particular times, or.
IV1	But how would that work? I don’t really understand.
A2	Because then maybe you can think, oh, I need to have a double delivery during the weekends because we eat more, or we have people over, or.
IV2	[Overtalking]. [Inaudible].
IV1	Ah, so it understands patterns or something? 
A3	As you were saying, that always at weekends we eat, well, actually, me too, like first with eggs, we need extra deliveries Saturday and Sunday. And that we know that actually the line, the graphic goes up always on Saturday and Sunday. [Unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. I think it would work, but again from a user perspective I think it would have to be something like, you know, a voice or like a message, or someone telling you, hey, I’ve noticed that you’ve been eating more eggs during the weekends, would you like to have an, you know, would you like to double up or, you know, have more egg deliveries on these hours? 

01:00:10
A3	You’re going to get, they’re going to hate you. [Unclear] assignment [?] [unclear] really good time.
A1	I’m a really good, I’m really good at thinking about things, I’m not very good at executing them. But, again, like, you know what I mean, like, something like, I think that playfulness is very important in these things. Like a voice, or something, or like, you know? Like those things like, Google, is it going to rain today? And then instead, and then Google, not replying with, yes, it’s going to rain, could say something like, yes, it’s going to rain, you might need an umbrella. 
A2	This is what Facebook is doing now. 
A1	Because it does create that sort of like proximity with you and, you know, the machine.
A3	Yes. I have an example for that. For example, Monzo, which is a bank, which is always banks, they are really, I don’t know, dry, or cold, and then now because we have this app they say like [?], you are spending too fast, slow down, or something like that. 
IV2	What is it called, again, sorry?
01:01:20
A3	Monzo.
A1	[Overtalking]. Monzo.
IV2	Monzo. 
A2	I have it here. 
A1	But something that would tell you, something that.
A3	We have an app, every time I’m maybe spending with [unclear], or with, in like a grocery, it appears with like, an apple, you have spent just £20. Like a, slow down, you’re [unclear] too much, or something.
A2	[Overtalking]. And it’s everything you pay you get a notification. And then you can set limits. 
IV1	Oh, bank of the future. You all three have it? 
A3	Yes.
IV1	Okay.
A2	But now I think it’s quite difficult.
A1	[Overtalking]. It’s great to transfer money, money in-between yourselves [?].
A2	Yes. So, if he pays £30 for dinner, and it should be ten each.
01:01:53
A3	You’re going to split it and add [?] two people [unclear].
IV1	Ah, okay.
A2	But now there is a very long queue to get cards because my friend is waiting for weeks.
A1	I know. They have 25,000 people waiting, and I got one through [friend name] just like that. 
A2	Oh, with the golden?
A1	Yes. 
A2	And now they are opening a bank, I think, at the end of the year. 
A1	Really?
A2	They’ve got the licence to get the bank. 
A3	A bank like a place? No, they’re going to open the [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] bank accounts, [unclear].
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
01:02:29
A1	The thing about Monzo is that it’s like, completely, like, you don’t pay anything, like maintenance, taxes, nothing, it’s just like.
IV1	No fees.
A2	And you could get money abroad without fees, but now, last week they said that they are going to start charging fees [unclear].
A1	[Overtalking]. Three hundred, no, no, no. £300 maximum. 
A2	And then there is to pay 3%, I think.
A1	£200? Yes, which is fine. It’s per day. 
A3	Yes, per day. 
A1	So absolutely fine.
A2	[Overtalking]. So, for example you can set like, groceries. [Unclear] £50.And then it tells you you are spending too much, too much. 
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear]. 
A1	[Overtalking]. [Unclear]. Two hamburgers. 

01:03:04
IV1	You mentioned when he was talking about the Google, the voice and the, like, being a bit nicer, you mentioned something about Facebook?
A2	Yes, on Facebook, I don’t know if you get that, but on the app many times in the evenings it says, oh, it looks like tomorrow is going to be sunny, lovely, so. Or it’s going to rain, don’t forget your umbrella, like you were saying about. 
IV2	[Overtalking]. Oh, it’s cloudy, so. 
A3	I get annoyed by those things and I disconnected it. 
A2	Why? But it’s cute, no?
A1	[Overtalking]. But I was also saying.
A3	Yes, but you have 24 apps saying silly things, like [unclear].
A1	Yes, but my point wasn’t so much in terms of the friendliness of the system, it was also about, like, the system detecting a pattern in your, like, consumer behaviour, whatever, and then making you conscious about it, and asking you if you want to change anything.
A2	Useful [unclear].
A3	Not just, you have had an egg, well done. 
01:04:03
IV1	You’re looking great today.
A1	The system’s saying, for example, let’s say that the system knows that for the last three years I bought turkey for Christmas. It would probably be nicer for the system to say, this year there’s a better-quality turkey for less, for half of the price, would you like to buy this?
A2	Or, that it would be interesting to have different options.
A1	Yes, something like that. Or, we notice last year that you bought cranberry sauce, would you like organic cranberry sauce for the same price? But obviously that would be like, and extremely, like, sophisticated system.
A3	[Overtalking]. And that’s maybe [unclear], I don’t believe [unclear].
A1	With like, with loads of AI, or whatever it is, but, I mean, you know? I’m just saying that, you know, that keeping track of your consumer behaviour or habits would be interesting. Because then also you can make choices. 
A2	This is, you are just working from the delivery companies, then it would work in this case, no? Because then you can compare all the supermarkets, and then if one is cheaper you will choose that one, and then is the same price to get it sent. 

01:05:23
IV1	Cool. Any more comments? No? Maybe we can just have a last quick look at your data. I don’t know if you looked at your data, actually. It’s super interesting, because you can totally see the pattern. This is the bread, so you can kind of see [unclear].
A3	Oh my God, it’s quite sensible.
A1	That’s amazing.
A2	Oh, and the eggs is like, a line.
IV1	No, sorry, this is just the signal strength. 
A2	Oh, I thought it was the eggs. I was like, it’s all the time.
IV1	The battery was low and died, so that’s why here we’ve got a gap, I think. And then this is the eggs. It looks very similar, actually. I guess here you ate some before you put them on the scale or something, but I don’t know. 
A2	Oh, that was when we didn’t have. 
IV1	It’s crazy how you can, like, see.
A2	[Overtalking]. Oh, because there was one day that it came and then we started cooking them like.
01:06:16
A1	I think that was the cake. Eggs, no eggs.
A3	I don’t mind, of course guys, eat eggs, but it was crazy. Everyone.
A2	Yes, one day there was like one hours later. 
A1	That’s funny, I’m joking.
A2	Maybe it’s that. 
A3	I promise you, maybe I ate, in the whole month, no more than ten.
A1	I’m fine with that. Oh, sorry, no. I’m finally eating loads of eggs because I eat meat like once a week, so I don’t, I mean, it’s protein, it’s absolutely fine. 
IV1	Were you aware of, like, being monitored, kind of? That the data was collected, or not?
A2	I don’t think.
A1	No, we don’t think about it. 
A2	Like the little black thing there? I never thought of that. 

01:07:09
IV1	[Overtalking]. Yes, I mean, just like. Ah, interesting. Because you can, from your data you can totally tell when you ate, right?
A1	Yes.
A3	That’s interesting, I don’t know if it might be useful, but I like to see these kind of things. 
A1	No, it’s funny to see.
IV1	[Overtalking]. You like to see?
A3	Yes.
IV1	Why?
A3	I don’t know, because you see our behaviours and you maybe realise. 
IV2	Ah, but they didn’t see it, right, from the app?
A2	We couldn’t see it, no? Or yes?
IV1	You could basically see, or if you go to.
A2	That was the very slow section.
01:07:36
IV1	Yes. Did it not load? Sometimes it takes like two minutes or longer. Let me, I can. You cannot see all of it, but you can see the last part. So, consumption [unclear].
A2	Ah, we didn’t see. 
IV2	So you never went on this page or tried [unclear]?
A1	No.
IV1	I don’t know why it doesn’t work for the bread, but here you can [unclear].
A3	Because we didn’t have bread for this [unclear]. 
IV1	Yes, maybe. Usually it should show it from the last maximum, so it should show it. I don’t know, it’s probably broken, but yes, you could see.
IV2	Yes, but you would be able to see it. Do you think that would have been useful for you at all? 
A1	Again I think it would be useful if someone is telling me this information. If I don’t have to look at a graph. If it’s some sort of like, interactive approach, then yes.
IV1	Like a check board [?] or something?

01:08:42
A1	Yes, something that would translate this information into a friendly approach that, you know, gives you the information without you having to [unclear], to a chart or something like that. 
A3	Maybe if you had, because I think it’s difficult for us to keep this going, because I don’t eat the eggs, but I really like the system, and I’m happy for you are having more eggs than me, because it’s free, the eggs [unclear]. But then if you are having the scale, okay, when I cook, there’s three buttons, okay? One for Diago, one for Diogo, and one for Raul [?]. You press and use all the eggs you want. 
A2	[Overtalking]. Oh, so you know who.
A3	And it actually says who is actually taking the eggs. 
IV1	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] know who was taking.
IV2	[Overtalking]. [Unclear] was using. Interesting.
A3	But that just is because we are three, we are not a family and we are not having a [unclear].
A2	[Overtalking]. Yes, because a family [unclear].
A3	Like a shared account [unclear].
01:09:35
IV1	Yes, interesting, That’s very fascinating, actually, we hadn’t thought of that at all. Cool, okay.
A2	Yes, because if people are paying then maybe it makes sense to be like, oh, so you have this number and we divide it.
IV1	Like with your app, I guess, for the banking, so you can,
A3	[Unclear].
A1	And then if you’re on a diet it says, you’re fat! Don’t eat more of that anymore! Stop it!
A3	[Overtalking]. [Unclear].
A2	There is an alarm.
A1	It gets locked! I’m sorry, we’re being silly and you’re recording all this.
A3	You know, what a study, this study was amazing, it was in Spain, and they said like where all the sweets and like, chocolate, and everything that gets fat, should be in a very narrow corridor, you can just accept it in your head, that you’re allowed to eat them because you can go through! [Unclear].
IV1	That’s so mean! [Unclear].
01:10:39
A3	He’s like, no, not yet. 
A2	But then if you get to it then you will become fatter and fatter. 
A3	Yes, but you are not going to spend, like, [unclear].
IV1	Cool. Yes, I think we can. 




 
P6exit
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer 1
P6_a	Participant a
P6_b	Participant b
IV2	Interviewer 2

IV1	Okay, so, first can you tell us how you think the system works, like, how would you explain it to...?
P6_a	Somebody else?
IV1	Yes, somebody else.
P6_a	I would explain that you have a scale based dish where you have your product on it and it accounts for each weight.  And just before it actually runs out there is an automated order that is processed and delivered rather quite quickly I believe in a couple of days I think it was maybe.  So, that’s what I would say.  What I think about it I think it’s a very good system but it’s a system that obviously is a prototype and has to be perfected and remove all the bugs that are in my opinion present.  Such as receiving six million texts and emails that the order has been processed and is coming and is getting delivered and it’s just about to be here.
	And that was really annoying but otherwise it’s fine I thought it was... it’s a clever way of, you know, making sure that the order doesn’t run out.  In terms of quality of the order we received very often completely mouldy lemons and clementines.  On the first order I had two lemons that were pretty much half dead and on the other order all the clementines were fine except one that was completely overall bluish white. So, I guess in terms of product it would have to be chosen and checked for quality before being sent.  Otherwise it is very good, it’s lovely.
IV1	I see, so, you got clementines and lemons and then did you have kind of mouldy problem for both of them?
P6_a	Yes [unclear] and then a couple of times where it didn’t happen it was fine.  But the first order I remember quite quickly because I was thinking, oh, but otherwise that’s it.
IV1	I see, yes, so, you kind of explained the, kind of, limitation of some of the issues you experienced.  But overall how was your experience for the past four weeks with the system?
P6_a	Simple, I always had lemons.  So, that’s a good thing I didn’t have to worry about this which was great especially for me because I cook a lot and I eat a lot of lemons.  And I did not have... sorry, I did not have to think about it.  Let me just switch this off because I have no idea, no okay... and that was good if I had the same for other items it would be even better.  So, it’s a very good system especially I guess if you have a mobility problem or if you’re extremely busy it makes it easier.
00:02:59
IV1	I see, so, when... you mentioned about the messages you’re getting, the amount of messages.  So, how do you improve if you want to, so, it was annoying?
P6_a	It was annoying because it was on both actual text message and then email.  But it wasn’t just we’ve received your order.  It was we’ve received your order, it’ll be on the way and then another email, it’s being processed and then another email it’s going to be delivered.  It was just never ending so in the end I was never reading anything I was just deleting, deleting.  I think one will be nice to say, hey, your order was acknowledged or not order but do you know what I mean pre-automated order was acknowledged and it will be taken care of.  That’s it, it’ll be good enough for me, that’ll be fine.
IV1	I see, okay, good, so, let me ask you about [unclear] the orders.  So, overall how did you think the ordering worked for your household?
P6_a	Just fine, enough in terms of quantity-ish, you know.
IV1	So, other than the mould issue it was...?
P6_a	It was fine.
IV1	Okay, so, when you had your... let me see, so you under... so were you satisfied with the orders the system, like, made for you?
P6_a	Yes, I was yes.  It was hassle free.
00:04:29
IV1	Was the... for the two items, you had a clementines and the lemon.  Did one of the two items work better than the other in any way?
P6_a	No, I don’t think so.  I think Nadia probably had more orders than I because it’s pretty easy to peel a clementine and eat.  But it was efficient, yes.
IV2	Hello, hi.
P6_b	I’m so sorry I’m so late.
IV1	Maybe you can just...
IV2	Yes, we just started a bit but... yes, maybe we can start again.
IV1	Yes, before we go for the... So, could you tell me about how was your... how has your experience been like for the four weeks with the system?
P6_b	Ah with the system I suppose you want like life experience.  Okay, well, it did work for me it worked really well I’m not sure whether that’s because Joan has delivered some of the stuff.  I did pick up some of my own stuff from...
P6_a	Well, some guy came up one day and then otherwise they left it at the counter.
00:05:45
P6_b	Yes, so, and then I picked it up myself and Joan picked up some.  It just kept coming so and there were periods when it was empty for a while which then I just bought my own obviously.  So, it didn’t quite work in terms of keeping it full all the time.  Yes, I guess, I mean, it was... the reason I signed up was because it didn’t look like it will take a lot of time which is how it’s supposed to work, yes, which I think it did work until the disconnected I’m not sure.  I think actually we have that on loan, we have that Hoover and I think it might have pulled the wire.  Yes, one of those what are they called?
P6_a	But why was the wire undone because when I checked there was nothing undone.
P6_b	Well, I actually plugged it back in before you got home after I asked you.  Yes, so I did plug it back in, something was... it was undone and I also I think yesterday I was hoovering with that... what is it called this Hoover?
P6_a	Hoover.
P6_b	Yes, but it’s not a traditional Hoover.
P6_a	Okay, so, it’s not a Hoover you mean like the mop?
P6_b	The [unclear] one.
P6_a	The electric mop, oh, this thing robot Hoover.
P6_b	Robotic Hoover, yes.
IV2	A Roomber, no.
00:07:05
P6_b	So, anyway it got stuck on the wire and I was pulling it and I thought this is probably how it happened.  And then you know it’s like no I didn’t touch it, no I didn’t touch it.  But there you go, so.
IV1	I see, so, you mentioned that there is a time that you are, like, you don’t have the stuff so and you bought it from the shop.  So, could you tell me about that, kind of, how long it was and then...?
P6_b	Oh, I wish you had told me you wanted to know that because I didn’t keep a record.
IV1	[Unclear]
P6_b	I can’t remember I know that there were times when it was empty.
IV1	I see, so it happened, like, several times or was it one?
P6_b	Several times.
IV1	So, how many do you buy from the... how many times did you buy from the shop because it was empty?
00:08:01
P6_b	I don’t remember.
IV1	Okay, just curious.
P6_b	No, I have huge information overload so a lot of little details I forget.
IV1	I see, so, then let me ask you, so, how do you think the ordering, re-ordering worked for you, worked for your household?
P6_b	Seamlessly I would say.  So, you know, this word seamlessly no like it just happened.
IV1	I see, so, other than the time that it was empty was there any other kind of problems you experienced?
P6_b	I think the first time it arrived I was away and Joan picked it up and she told me that some of my tangerines were rotten.  But all the subsequent times they were fine.
P6_a	But it’s only the quality of the product but the actual way of it was fine.  The quality of the product indeed was left to be desired.  
P6_b	But only on that one occasion, the rest of the time I quite enjoyed those tangerines.
P6_a	It’s true, you’re going to miss them.
00:09:04
IV1	So, how about ... how do you think about the, kind of, communication that you received the message from the system like the text message and the email?
P6_b	Well I did receive something [unclear] text I think. Yes, I am terrible with my phone.
P6_a	See it didn’t traumatise you because it traumatised me.
P6_b	What’s that?
P6_a	It traumatised me and I had so many texts and emails I was going out of my mind.  You didn’t have the same thing?
P6_b	Ah, this is where they all went?
P6_a	Ah, so you didn’t have it?
P6_b	I was in touch with [resarcher name] that’s all.  I did receive some texts but not emails.
P6_a	Oh, I had everything so I had your email, my email and all the texts. Okay, now I understand.
P6_b	Yes, it’s good to have a reflective session.  I’m sorry about that I didn’t realise.  No, I did receive some texts but, gosh, I mean, I’ve just had such a busy day I’ll probably remember later.  On one occasion I went downstairs to pick something else up, well, at the front desk and they gave me these tangerines.  I said, oh, okay, nice surprise and on another occasion Joan brought it in and I have no recollection of all the other occasions just not right now.
P6_a	I think once it was delivered and about four times maybe it was over there.  But you know what I mean we go there and it’s for the flat it’s not just you and me we just grab everything we have so I can’t remember.
IV1	I see, so, I was curious then so you said you received a couple of, like, texts but so when you got those texts did you check the texts or...?
P6_b	Yes, briefly I’m sure I did yes basically it has arrived so.
IV1	Okay, so, let me ask you about... so when you received the text is there any kind of particular information that you checked?
P6_a	Let me check if I’ve got the...
P6_b	Let me get my phone.
IV2	You guys have really detailed about...
IV1	So, if you don’t remember you can just tell me that you don’t really remember.  We are just curious whether you are checking the text or not.
P6_a	No, I checked maybe the first couple of times and then after that whenever I saw IoT or something else I just....
00:11:32
P6_b	That’s probably what I did as well.  It’s the era of information overload, so.
IV1	I see.
P6_a	I think I may have cancelled all of them, my apologies.
P6_b	Message about... not that’s something else, smart-joy [?] is that...?
IV1	Yes, yes.
P6_b	Okay, so, on this phone I did change the phone part way through it.  So, this phone I have two messages.  So, it gives the time but you see because I would have this front desk situation I didn’t really mind which time they came because I’ll just collect it from there.  So, I didn’t really have to pay too much attention.  And easy peelers so yes, okay, that makes sense to me and they’re from remote depot whatever.  You can change it within... oh, I didn’t see that you can change it within one hour from now.  Okay, that’s an option I never really used.
IV1	I see, so, actually just one key question.  So, in the text message there is information about remote depot.  So, did you kind of check the information?  Okay, so, then we...
P6_a	There we go on the 24th October I had four texts. 
00:13:10
IV2	Can I see that, oh, because they’re both actually then...
P6_a	And I guess it would be then the same with the email.
IV2	But you must have got them as well [unclear].
P6_b	Well, I only have November, 11th of November on here because as I said I changed my phone part way through it.  I mean, I can go and find the other phone but...
IV2	No, no that was when you I think just started and you do the manual orders I think.
P6_b	Ah, the first time.
IV2	Yes, because then you would have got emails about lemons and easy peelers at the same time.
P6_b	Ah, you got some emails for easy peelers?
P6_a	I have emails for everything but I didn’t read anything the first few times because every time I saw IoT I was just deleting.  I understand it’s coming, it’s about to come, it’s just here, it’s delivered.  Yes, I got it, I got it it’s coming that’s all I need to know.
IV1	I see, okay, so, now I’m going to ask you another question.  So, after you like started using this system how has your food consumption like changed?  Was there any changes after you’re getting your...?
00:14:23
P6_b	I eat more.
IV1	Why do you think you will eat more?
P6_a	Because it’s there.
P6_b	Well, they’re good, they’re there and they just keep coming.  So, I guess if somebody wants to sell me more tangerines if they sold this system they’ve got me.
IV1	I see, how about you?
P6_a	No, no, I eat lemons like crazy all day so it wouldn’t change anything if I didn’t have any I would bother to go out and buy my lemons.
IV2	And you have like a structure with your lemons?  You said one in the morning and one later.
P6_a	Well, I mean, like a couple a day it depends whenever I cook I use lemon.  And I mean it’s a good source of Vitamin C and I just love the taste of it so I can eat them like this as well it’s fine.
IV2	They’re so bitter.
P6_a	No it’s not that’s the thing, sour maybe but not bitter.
00:15:10
IV2	Sour, yes, it’s really sour, yes.
P6_a	Oh, I like it though.
IV1	I see, so, Nadia mentioned that on some occasion she bought the clementine from the store.  Has there been any time that you need to buy...?
P6_a	Sure maybe just once if I was doing something with a lot of lemons I would have needed maybe an extra sort of lemon.
P6_b	I did notice that your bowl was less frequently empty than mine.  Mine was empty like...
P6_a	Yes, yours was particularly, yes, but I guess because a Clementine, you know, it’s really addictive you’re watching a movie and then you just have one after the other.
P6_b	Yes, I think it actually has the potential to improve my diet, you know, because you order healthy things and you don’t have to bother about reordering them and then you eat more of them.  So, I definitely have more fruit because of this.
IV1	I see, okay, good.  So, okay, how about changes in how you do your food shopping, was there any change with your food shopping?
P6_b	Well, I mean it was just one product so I would buy fewer tangerines but other than that...
P6_a	Same, nothing, no difference.
00:16:26
IV1	Yes, okay, so, I was wondering could you imagine that a system like this could help you to be more sustainable in any way?
P6_b	Sustain a healthy diet, yes.
IV1	Why, could you...?
P6_b	Well, it’s just you don’t have to remember that you need to buy it it’s there and you greet your diet up front and you set it up in these different bowls or however you set it up and it just keeps coming.  It’s just so much easier to actually maintain a healthy diet.  Otherwise, you know, if I’m running out would I eat something unhealthy instead and it’s just kind of time management really.
P6_a	Well, I guess, the same thing, I mean, I’ve got pretty much the same thing with chocolate.  If I’ve got a box I know that’s coming every month then it kind of stops me from doing something else.  So it’ll be the same with lemons the only thing is it’s just easier not to have to worry about do I need some or not.
IV1	I see, well, but I’m curious would there be some other potential benefit do you think you can have?
00:17:48
P6_b	When you say sustainable are you talking about environmental sustainability?
IV1	Yes.
P6_a	That’s what I thought in the first place but then... yes, okay, all right, okay.
P6_b	That’s not a very clear question then.
P6_a	No, yes, it’s a bit tangled.
P6_b	I don’t know I mean how did it help our recycling?
P6_a	Actually it does in a sense that you don’t... well, yes, but, I mean, it’s a clementine.
P6_b	We recycled all the paper bags.
P6_a	I’d like to say you because I’m not bothered doing that but I really should.
P6_b	What did you do with them?
P6_a	With what?
P6_b	With the paper bags?
P6_a	Well, put them in the bin what am I going to do carry them?
P6_b	I can’t believe it because they were the bags you could recycle in.
P6_a	Is it and then where do you put the recycled then?
P6_b	In the bag and then take it out, we have recycling bins.
P6_a	Oh, we do?
P6_b	Yes.
P6_a	Oh, I didn’t realise.
P6_b	Yes, they’re just next to... the green ones are recycle the blue ones are rubbish.
P6_a	Okay, I put everything into a bin I have no idea about the colour.  I’ll look at it.
P6_b	Yes, yes, the council is not going to be happy about that.
IV1	So, like, I’m just asking the question quickly again.  So, do you think there’s a... can you imagine a system like this help you to be more sustainable?
P6_a	Right, it depends if we had to... if we were in a state and we had to actually take the car to go and get our clementines and lemons then I guess by receiving this we wouldn’t have to so that would be sustainable.  But being in London and having... there are shops everywhere it doesn’t have an impact on this so much.  It’s more like an in terms of saving time.
00:19:25
P6_b	For people who order online and then get it delivered that would also have an impact for them.  I usually just... I mean, I did say the first time I only occasionally order online I usually go to the shop just because, I mean, they either charge you which is a little too much or it’s in the hours that it’s inconvenient.  And sometimes you’ve got to buy a certain amount and then I go online and I run out of things to buy for that amount without having to pay.  So, I was just like well stuff it I’m just going to go to the shop.  Usually I spend more than I would spend online and it’s just like I can’t figure it out.  Yes, but so, it can be if you don’t order... if you don’t go driving or somebody else doesn’t come driving to you I guess but then it also gets delivered so.
P6_a	Well less cars, yes, but less cars on the road at the same time.  But yes fair enough it’s not exactly...
P6_b	But it doesn’t come here... I mean, there was by magic for us that somebody did come here to deliver it so it does still it’s kind of like I’m not sure yes.
IV1	I see, were you keeping an eye on the budget?
P6_a	On the budget?
P6_b	No, because we had a £100 for this whole thing, yes.
P6_a	I guess when it runs out it runs out.
P6_b	Yes, so, I just ate them like crazy.
00:20:38
IV1	Okay, so, actually now I’m going to talk about, more about kind of how do you say.. issues.  So, you mentioned that there was some issues with getting the, yes, quality.  Was there any other issue?
P6_a	They were not exactly very good grades, they were a bit small, they were not very fresh.  They tend to be coming in... they were not fresh let’s put it that way.  They were a little bit old for the lemons I don’t know about the clementines.  The only clementine that I saw was really bad which was the first delivery.  But I think after that it was okay wasn’t it, yes.
IV1	I see, so, you had two lemon delivery so first one was the [unclear] the next time, the second one was okay?
P6_a	They were not very new but only the first time was I had an issue with mould let’s put it that way.
IV1	I see, so, let me ask you I’m just curious about the... how do you say, that you had some days, some occasion that you are planning... you don’t have the clementines and then so do you think other than those times that you didn’t get the item ordered on time was there any other issues that you didn’t expect happen?
00:22:14
P6_b	No, I really like the taste.  She’s very picky about fresh, not fresh.  I mean for me it was all fresh.
P6_a	Because a lemon is not juicy when it’s not fresh, you start to...
P6_b	Ah, well, mine were very juicy definitely. 
IV2	And I mean you work in the food sector I can imagine that she has so much good food.
P6_a	Yes, exactly maybe it’s also that, yes.
IV1	So, I’m just curious so I was wondering so the reason why you had times that you don’t have any clementines.  Was it because the delivery was longer than you expected or because you ate quicker than...?
P6_b	I ate a lot of them and then, so, I don’t remember.  We set up the delivery so I think it was... you probably have it on your system once it’s 300 grams or less it comes from the remote depot because that’s more environmentally sustainable and it takes three days to get here.  So, I can see how those three days, 300 grams wouldn’t be enough that’s probably where it all came from.
IV1	I see, okay, so...
IV2	You didn’t think about maybe changing the 300 grams?
P6_b	That’s a good idea, it never occurred to me I should have just as soon as it arrives please send the next one.  Yes, that would solve the gap problem, yes.
IV1	I see, so, would it be any other way do you think want the system to be improved.   What would be the kind of thing that you want the system to be, well, to work better?
P6_b	Well, I guess, yes, I mean, it was within my power I guess to go onto the website and just say I don’t know if you have... what options you have do you have like 300 grams what are other options for weight you have in the system?
IV1	You can just enter whatever you want.
P6_b	So, how much... was it... was it a kilogram that I was receiving?
IV2	I think it was nine easy peelers or I’m not sure which that was.
P6_b	Nine easy peelers, okay.
P6_a	That’s not that much.
P6_b	That’s not that much, so...


P6_a	Three four hundred grams.
P6_b	I probably should have said... put a higher number I don’t know what that would be.
00:24:45
P6_a	I think we focus most on the system rather than the actual quantity that we are eating I guess what do you think; it is for me at least.
P6_b	Say that again?
P6_a	Focusing more on the actual system rather than what we were receiving for sure like being, you know, eating a lot or it was more like a follow up on the system I guess without changing the quantity for only our benefits, like, this didn’t occur to me.
IV1	Well, I think one way would be that, like, kind of, increasing the portion would make the system work better for your case, right, okay, thank you.  Let’s see... 
P6_b	[Unclear].
P6_a	[Unclear]
P6_b	Yes, you don’t have to buy anymore boxes, we have it all here.
IV1	So, you kind of mentioned what you liked about the system but could you tell me about what did you most like about the system?
P6_b	The taste of the easy peelers and the juiciness of them I already miss them.  And the other thing is because they were coming and when they were not there I remember to buy more because right now I have none and it’s like [unclear]. Billy, darling, I thought we had an agreement.
00:26:15
P6_a	Oh, it fell on my phone if that makes you feel any better.
IV1	I just wanted to make sure the recording is working. 
P6_b	Billy, darling, get off the table please.
IV1	Yes, so I was asking about what do you like most about the system?
P6_b	Just I was hoping to photograph him in that box but that didn’t work out.
P6_a	The ease of it I guess the fact that we don’t have to go on to it, it automatically comes in and this is the whole point of it you don’t actually have to log in or request it you just...
P6_b	Yes, I mean I get so busy my work is a lot here like yours and I get so busy I forget things.  Then I come home... I mean, it’s not a disaster it’s just around the corner eating fruit actually boosts my quality of life and sort of joyfulness.  And so, yes, having that joyfulness delivered is important.
IV1	So, how about what you didn’t like about the system other than those that you already mentioned?
00:27:40
P6_a	I think we already talked about that.
P6_b	No issues.
IV1	So, would you continue to use this system if you can?
P6_a	Yes, without the thousand emails and texts and if there was also for other products such as water for example, heavy items you would have something like a bigger scale.  But that again if I had scales all over the house that would also be very inconvenient so it would have to be done in a slightly different way because, you know, you cannot have all your dishes on scales [unclear].
P6_b	Well, we could, you know, free up one of those shelves and just have a bunch of scales but, you know.
P6_a	Well, let’s just have a giant scale [unclear].
P6_b	Yes, so that’s the thing how would you organise it for like even key products.  It would be nice to have a plug for maybe three or four key products.
IV1	So, what would be the... so, just emails in that there would be a more practical way to kind of how can I say sense the different item what would be the key item you would consider?
P6_a	Okay, well, water which...
P6_b	Then I would also have almond milk which I use in breakfast cereal and orange juice.
P6_a	Anything heavy, no.
P6_b	Yes, anything heavy that you also frequently use, just the frequency of consumption.  Yes, so, orange juice, almond milk, water, the liquids and fruit.
P6_a	Yes, it’s really handy, yes, it’s very good.
IV1	So, I’m just curious for the fruit like in general would you expect like kind of different types of fruit delivered or a specific fruit that you wanted to...
P6_b	I mean, I’d be if I had choice I’d be happy to say, you know, okay, so let’s take four weeks in a month I want easy peelers the first week, apples the second week, some variety I guess or even better a basket of mixed fruit.
P6_a	Seasonal whatever comes in season and just to be randomly picked and delivered at, yes, that’d be good.
IV1	Randomly picked meaning?
P6_a	Well, I mean, you know, whatever we start running out whatever is in season, whatever is available then send it so you’ve got a little bit of variety plus, you know, it’s handy to keep at home.
IV1	I see, actually it’s interesting that... and I wanted to ask you a little bit more.  So, for the system when you use you pick one item best pick and then getting ordered.  And then now you mentioned, both of you mentioned about variety.  So, I was kind of curious how important the variety is.
P6_a	Some people like routine, some people like to be surprised and go, oh, strawberries, oh, clementines, you know, it’s all nice.  I don’t like routine at all so I guess that’s for me I guess it depends on people really or what you want to have.
IV2	You don’t like routine that means you wouldn’t like the same stuff?
P6_a	I do have food obsession when I say that, okay, so, just let’s put this on the side.
P6_b	[Unclear] routine, grapefruit, with lemons.
P6_a	Well, there are certain things that I think are essential but if it was another fruit... lemon is a fruit but I don’t eat it as a fruit.  So, I guess if it comes to fruit I don’t mind changing that because it is sweet, it is healthier than having a cake.  And, you know, it’s nice to change when it comes to that but just for this... you?
P6_b	What was the question?
IV1	So, how about you think about... you emphasised the variety having like a different like...
00:31:53
IV2	Like if you had a bowl with different things.
IV1	So, what is the... how do you say, importance of having variety?
P6_b	Well, why would anybody like variety, it’s to have variety.  I don’t know just different tastes and different vitamins.
IV2	That’s just interesting like with such a system you always get the same clementines but then you mentioned it would be nicer to get a bowl of fruit of different sorts.
P6_b	Yes, it would be good to have, you know, I mean, say it’s a bigger bowl and it’s a kilogram, you know.  A kilogram of clementines which can be nice anyway but why not make it 300 grams of clementines, 300 grams of, I don’t know, apples of some sort and pears.  It’s just more interesting, yes, but then of course I would have to look at the price, compare, you know, what’s better, how to handle to it better.  This is just, you know, kind of a detached from reality fantasy, yes, we can fantasise forever.
IV1	So, that was something I was curious because now that you had this, kind of, you know, like, futuristic system and you’re thinking about the variety.  But I was curious that when you think about your existing kind of shopping pattern will you kind of... how do you say, find different types of fruit?
P6_b	I do, yes, and I actually at some point... because I was getting all these clementines at some point I went and I bought some apples just to spice it up a bit.
IV2	And you wouldn’t have done this you think before [overtalking]?
P6_b	No, because I actually stopped shopping for fruit for a while and then when there were gaps.  I don’t know exactly I remember thinking, oh, I didn’t buy fruit in a while probably because there’s... and then I went and I bought some more clementines and I said, okay, all these clementines let’s buy some apples.  And usually when I buy so forget about the system I would buy a bit of a mixture, yes, I try, yes.
IV1	Ah, okay, so, in that sense having this system actually in a way changed your like existing pattern?
P6_b	That’s true, yes, so I did actually have less variety with the system, yes that’s a good point.
IV1	How about you do you think it’s, like, by having a system...?
P6_a	My pattern is that I need lemon every day.  And I knew today I had one left for tonight which was good.  But, no, my pattern will be to buy juicy lemons but otherwise, no, this is an item I use every day it doesn’t change anything.  If it had been a fruit I would have had the same opinion as Nadia.  It’s nice to have some variety and it would have changed something in the... by being like okay clementine is great but let’s have something else.
00:35:08
IV1	I see, so, I’m curious, do you do online shopping?
P6_a	Sometimes.
P6_b	Sometimes.
IV1	Okay but not as... so, when you do the online shopping some of the system can provide recommendations based on what you purchased.  Do you know this function when you kind of see the kind of recommendation do you consider or...?
P6_a	Well, yes, of course when you look at it and if it sounds good, looks good, the costs good then yes otherwise, no.  But, yes, it’s interesting how it works.  [Unclear] at least to get this recommendation but, yes.
IV1	I see, and if the system becomes more kind of, you know, smart and actually just deliver things like different items automatically do you think it would be okay?  Like we are just being speculative or just curious.
P6_a	Yes, why not it’s very smart already Amazon is doing something like that where you’ve got buttons and you just press it when you need something.  But the only thing is you have to press this is fully automated but then you’ve got a scale.  So, there is plus and minuses I guess to everything but it seems to be something that is now more and more common.  So, it’s, yes, very practical.
00:36:31
IV1	I see, do you have the Amazon Dash in your house?
P6_a	No, I don’t, no, I keep on thinking about getting it and then I forget about it so I don’t.
IV2	Is it just for one product you’re pressing or how do you know which product you’re...
P6_a	It’s like a, well, you can get whatever, like, a products they have this dash button so if it’s toilet paper then I guess you leave it in your toilet and then you’re like oh I’ve got just one left and it gets delivered, yes.  But I would get a bit nervous though because it means that I cannot really control the amount of money.  What about if, you know, somebody cleans the bathroom and then presses the button or doesn’t know what it is.  It makes no sound like can you imagine receiving, like, a whole truck of toilet paper.  Okay, maybe not.
P6_b	Yes, you have to put do not press sign.  Pressing the button costs £5 per press or something like that.  You have no way of reinforcing it of course.
P6_a	Put a padlock on it or something.
IV1	Actually what you mentioned was, kind of, brings up an important point.  So, how would you describe your, kind of, in a way trust with the system?  Did you trust the system while you’re using this for the past four...?
00:37:53
P6_a	I don’t like that word, no...
P6_b	Why not, you talk a lot about it.  I didn’t know you didn’t like it.
P6_a	No, I don’t like it because I don’t believe in it, trust, no, you mean reliance I guess, was I relying on this.  Well, I guess, yes, because that was the whole point of the system.  And because it is a study I was very much sure that it would work.  And if it didn’t it wouldn’t be in the end of the world I would have just gone to the shop and then I get my own juicy lemon.  So, there was no trust per se so to speak.
P6_b	Yes, okay, you’ve got me on a interesting topic a definition of trust [unclear] is when you, okay, so, you have a certain... you depend on someone or something and you have no means of directly influencing their behaviour and you just have to trust that they, you know, whether you actually have this mental state where you trust that they will deliver.  I think I had no.... my approach to trust occasionally doesn’t work is you trust until there’s a reason to not trust.  So, there are times when I can’t do it where I will have irrational stuff going on but usually that would be my approach.  Did she hear that?
IV1	I don’t think so.
P6_b	Joan, did you hear that?
00:39:24
P6_a	No I didn’t hear [unclear] sorry.
P6_b	I’m just explaining my approach to trust.  I assume that the person can be trusted but there’s like a cautious trust as well or a system and unless they prove otherwise that’s the approach anyway.  So, this system didn’t really give me a reason not to trust it except when it got unplugged.  But then afterwards you’ve contacted... because you say you’ve contacted me rather than me thinking, oh, two weeks there were no lemons or whatever.
P6_a	That’s a good point.
P6_b	That helped I think that there was someone monitoring it.  Trust really is happening with people more than, I don’t know if there is a trust into systems I’m not sure.
P6_a	I think it’s the wrong choice of words I think we’re talking about reliability rather than trust.
P6_b	But you know things like this got unplugged and [resarcher name] then emailed me before I realised now that helps the trust but in the people behind the system rather than the system.
IV1	I see, so, actually this is very interesting and I was... because when you mentioned that you want to have more variety and you like surprise... you would like to kind of have some surprise that the system delivering kind of stuff that you are not necessarily kind of indicate what to order.  So, in that sense I don’t know how you name it.  So, when you say there’s more reliance in meaning that reliable meaning the system will kind of have a way of finding...
00:41:13
P6_a	Well, like, an intelligent system if you like sort of so we don’t have to remind it if there is a set up done then it would just automatically go with our preferences.  So, if it is like a mixed selection then it would go onto the same way as in you’re running out the next selection is getting ready then just a selection.  So, that would be a good reliable intelligent system to have.
IV1	I see.
P6_b	Can you repeat the question?  I was so fascinated by the answer for that question.
IV1	I find it interesting that kind of the difference that you mentioned that you will have to rely on the system but not trust the system.
P6_a	Well, because it was the wrong choice of words.
IV1	And then there was, kind of, for me, I was curious about when you mentioned about having the system pick something seasonal and having some in a way flexibility about choosing what item to deliver.  And, so, that’s why I thought about kind of trusting the...
00:42:28
P6_b	Well, okay, so there is an element of... because I mean the system is just a system there are no people who maintain, there must have been people who put those tangerines in the bag, right.  So, I mean, if they put something else in the bag that would create, like, oh what happened you know, can I really rely on this thing to deliver what I’ve ordered, you know.  And so in that sense the system I think it’s more reliability, does it work, you know, does it talk to each other, is it just measuring the weight, is it sending the signal.  But in terms of getting the product that you ordered that’s more trust because it involves people on the other end.  
	Okay, so, say, I don’t know, I mean, for trust to be possible you have to have something to lose.  If there’s nothing for you to lose then it’s not trust you can have transactional relationship with someone when there is no possibility of loss.  So, say if I... say I want a selection of fruit but I don’t like... I mean I like all fruits so I’m just going to make it up... I don’t like strawberries, I’m allergic to strawberries, yes, and two deliveries down the line they sent strawberries, they mixed it up.  Now that’s...
P6_a	A breach of trust?
P6_b	That’s a breach of trust, yes.  So, yes, that would be a... trust then would be relevant.
IV1	I see, okay.
IV2	Do you ever visit the website?
00:44:00
P6_a	No.
IV2	You weren’t interested or...?
P6_a	No.
P6_b	No, are we supposed to?
P6_a	Yes, that’s what I was about to ask, yes.
IV2	No you don’t have to I was just curious, okay.  I think that’s everything, I don’t know about you, just one last question]?
IV1	Yes, one [unclear] so when you think about the system were you kind of in a way... the system was involving people behind or...?
P6_b	It just occurred to me now that actually the people thing just occurred to me when [resarcher name] contacted me and said this connection is not working.  That really, I mean, that was a direct interaction.  So, I thought not quite in this [unclear] but it just occurred to me now, bloody hell, these are the people who put those oranges in so they did a good job.
00:44:50
IV2	In a way actually I mean it’s funny so our main interest is kind of the website.  I mean, nobody... you’re participant number... like we had 12 participants I think your number eight that we’ve interviewed now and nobody really... I mean, everything is kind of interesting to ask like if it works that you have like the trigger value and stuff.
P6_b	So, is it the website where we did the order initially?
P6_a	I didn’t think it was necessary to check the website because it was pre-rigged that we were going to receive this and that and that was it.  So, I didn’t find it interesting, not interesting, necessary.
IV2	That’s what everybody said, that’s something that we kind of didn’t expect before that everybody will say, oh, I don’t need to do anything.  Because you could have, like, when something goes wrong you could go and then change the figure or I don’t know change stuff.  But, or, like, you could have taken your details down from the website.
P6_a	Yes, but that would defy the point of you doing a survey and a research because otherwise you’ll be a bit cheeky just give me the lemons and then [unclear] that’s not very nice.
IV2	And actually it’s very interesting that I think we didn’t really have two people usually we had people who did it on their own or in a family.  So, for you I guess it would be annoying because you will get her notification.  So, our system wasn’t totally... it’s always, everybody gets everything and we hadn’t thought about that at all so that’s quite fascinating.  Like, it’s the first time that somebody told us actually you know it makes more sense if you only get the lemons or you only get the clementines.  
00:46:25
	It’s also fascinating that you say that you ate more because a lot of people said that as well.  Like, for you it was good because you had clementines but other people had like bread or pasta or like kind of unhealthy stuff and then it’s really bad or like oil or... so it’s really interesting that you say that you ate more but it’s good for you.  We talked to other people who had like for example pasta and then you get pasta all the time and they eat pasta every day and then they... one person said they got fat, like, a bit fatter because of that, so.
IV1	Actually I have one last question sorry that I just... so were you the one who made the manual order?
P6_b	No that was me.
IV1	Ah, okay, so, when you first made a manual order what did you think about getting the list of the item and when you chose what did you look at, do you remember?
P6_b	So, we sat down here with [resarcher name] and looked at the website and talked about, you know, how many grams there should be left before you order.  So, that was all explained and I just said it was pretty straight forward I just went in and I put the stuff in and I pressed the button and it just... I mean, it’s true I think eventually I would have realised, oh, I’m spending too much time without my dear clementines so I will have gone into... because I knew about the website.  How long did this last for?
00:47:52
IV2	Four weeks.
P6_b	I was, I mean, I am slow on the uptake of new information because I’m generally overloaded and so the way my mind copes with the information overload is that with new tasks I just put one foot in front of the other until it sinks in enough.  And then it integrates and then it’s not an effort to remember.  So, I have to be careful because I mean I have in the past had health problems because of information overload, so.  And so three weeks or four weeks is really not a long enough time for me to really get into the swing of it but I would have realised eventually.
IV2	I mean, you’re right actually because you get the delivery and then if it’s only one or two times that [unclear] then I don’t know it might take weeks sometimes until you realise actually what is my [unclear].  Cool, yes, thank you that was really interesting actually, like, we’ve been very positive, I mean, our focus is on like smart systems and we’re more like trying to find out what people...
P6_b	Who are you in by education engineers or sociologists?




 
P7exit
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer 1
P7	P7
IV2	Interviewer 2

IV1	Okay, do you want me to move closer?
P7	That would be great, yes.
IV1	So it’d be great if you could tell us first just in your sentences what the system was about, like the trial, what it was about. Like the way you would tell a friend or something. 
P7	Oh, okay. So you put some scales in my kitchen and I put two grocery items on them. So I chose bread and eggs. And when those items ran low it would reorder more of itself automatically, depending on what limit I put on the app. And then when it reordered it would send me a message which I could then cancel if I wanted to. There were two different settings. I just never... I think I cancelled one of them once for... Okay, anyway. Sends you a message to confirm and then, yes, it arrives by courier and you can set what times it’s going to arrive at on the app. 
00:01:07
IV1	Cool. Can you tell me what your experience was now over the last four weeks?
P7	So yes, like there’s a few problems with the bread maybe. I think it worked the first time but then I got... So a loaf arrived when I hadn’t quite finished the last one, but I think that was how it was meant to be, you know? It was like I had like 200g left or whatever the minimum was. But then when I was trying to stack them on top of each other on the scales I think maybe the bread wasn’t a great shape for the scales. I was trying to stack them on top of each other and I obviously had like not enough bread on at one point and then it thought I had run out again. 
	And then for some reason after that it thought I had minus 400g of bread and went a bit crazy reordering. I suppose one thing, like, it might be better if you cancel it once then it would not like reorder again or if it’s already ordered it, it would not try and reorder again. Because with the bread, in the end, I didn’t... I stopped cancelling them but it kept sending me the notifications. But obviously all the bread didn’t arrive so that was fine. I was mildly worried I would get like 40 loaves of bread when I came home from work. But that was fine. 
	The texting thing worked quite well. And yes, and I didn’t have any problems with the courier. Although my flatmates were a bit surprised. 
00:02:45
IV1	Yes?
IV2	Surprised by...
P7	They were like, um, a courier came with your eggs. I was like, yes, it’s a study, it’s not... Like I don’t always have my eggs like hand delivered to my house. Yes, so that worked, being about to set the times. So like someone was already... Always in in the evenings to collect it. Yes, the eggs worked better, it was easier with the bowl. 
IV1	Okay.
P7	I had less problems because the bread kept falling off the scales and stuff and I think that was part of the problem. And yes. 
IV1	What do you think about the orders the system made for you? Do you remember like the type of stuff that you received?
P7	Yes, I think that was fine. Like it mainly gave me Giraffe bread. I think once it gave me brown bread. But that was all quite good. 
IV1	Yes, it wasn’t...? Didn’t bother you or...? 
00:03:50
P7	No. No, I was happy with the actual like produce. 
IV2	Could you tell me...? Tell us more about... Because if it were you, you wouldn’t get brown bread. But the system sent you the one that, like, is not the Giraffe. So how would you think about the system, like, sending you, like, the other item that you wouldn’t...?
P7	Then yes, something different to what I ordered. I mean, I suppose it... Like I guess it told me in the text it was sending me brown bread, although it did send quite a lot of texts so I didn’t necessarily read them all. But I didn’t really mind that. Like, I suppose, like my main things that I have, like I like, like, fresh, you know, bread. And even if I was to go to the supermarket I wouldn’t buy the same loaf of bread each time, I would just pick one, like, I would... Like I like a bit of variety so that was fine really. Didn’t mind that. 
IV2	You mentioned that you cancelled the order once.
P7	Yes.
IV2	So could you tell me about that?
P7	So that was when the bread was having its difficulties. Yes, it texted me and said that... So I... I was trying to rearrange them, it didn’t work. It said I’d run low on bread but I knew that I hadn’t. So I cancelled it. And then it just kept sending me texts and I kept cancelling them, I cancelled it maybe like five times and then I gave up because I didn’t think it was working.
IV2	And then you were mildly worried because you stopped cancelling. 
P7	Well because I got about 40 messages and I thought maybe it would order me that many loaves of bread. But yes. 
IV2	Yes. How would you have felt in that situation? Like you obviously wanted to stop but the system was not really understanding, like you said. And then, like keep doing the stuff that you didn’t want it to.
P7	I mean, it was kind of comical to a degree, but...
IV1	Like you have two things, like running around, like no, no...
P7	Yes, cancel, cancel. Yes, I mean, like obviously if it had actually ordered me the bread then that would have... I would have been worried about that. But I didn’t think... I didn’t really think that it would actually... That you guys would actually deliver me that much bread. So that’s kind of fine. But yes, I suppose if it was a real world like supermarket situation I would probably be, like, scared that it was going to spend all of my credit card allowance on bread. 
IV2	And would you be, I don’t know, like in addition to being scared do you think we should do something to prevent that?
P7	Yes, I mean, I would probably have... I don’t know, cancelled it or called the help line or, I don’t know, like... Yes. 
IV2	Okay. But with this system you didn’t... You might didn’t, how do you say? Go... Like find really want to find a way to stop because you kind of had an idea that we’ll be...?
P7	Yes, like I messaged [researcher name], just said, I’ve had a few problems with bread.
IV2	Yes. Actually, one more question, because what you said I had more questions. So you mentioned that there was one time that you saw there was minus 400...?
P7	Yes.
IV2	How did you know it was minus 400g?
P7	So yes, because that’s when I was having the problem with it sending me a lot of messages. So I went on the app to see if there was a way of like cancelling it or stopping it. And that’s when I saw it thought it had minus 400g. 
IV2	So you clicked the menu to see the...?
00:07:44
P7	You know when it’s got the graph and it like shows you? I think it was just on there. So it was somewhere it showed like the... Yes. 
IV2	I see. 
IV1	Were you able to rely on the system? So... Or did you...? Was there a time when you had to actually buy your own bread or eggs?
P7	So I didn’t buy any bread or eggs while I was doing the study. But, I mean, there were a couple of times when I was like, going shopping anyway, and I like walked past the bread. But I was like, no, I’ll wait for the... I’ll wait, I’ve got it coming. 
IV1	Was it okay?
P7	Yes. I mean, like it’s... I suppose like in real life I probably wouldn’t have a system that only ordered me a couple of things because it’s like if I'm going to the shops anyway it seems like there’s not that much point. Unless maybe it was like a really heavy thing, it might be more practical. Like if I was ordering like, I don’t know, loads of wine or something. But... And then maybe the other thing is that, like because bread’s maybe not the ideal thing to have because it’s like fresh. And then sometimes it would be like three days or one day or whatever. But then once the bread’s there I kind of feel like I want to like eat it straight away because after a couple of days it’s not going to be good. 
	So I had a few like very bread-based meals, like to, you know, to make the most of it. But probably in reality I would normally maybe buy a loaf of bread at the weekend and then eat it then and then... I don’t know. But, yes. 
IV2	So you’re... If I understand right, like having this system keep sending you the bread make you kind of like feel the need to consume?
P7	Yes, because I don’t want to waste it. Like yes. Whereas with the eggs it was kind of more practical, I suppose, because it was more like, I'm running low, and then before I need any more it’s already sent me some, you know? Whereas and then I don’t feel like, oh crap, I need to eat like loads of eggs today. Like whereas maybe with something fresh, like it’s... And because I don’t necessarily need to have it all the time, you know? It’s like...
IV1	Okay.
P7	So maybe that wasn’t like the best choice. Maybe I should have gone for the pasta or something, you know? Because I guess the idea is that you don’t have the inconvenience of having run out without realising. But then with bread there’s the extra side of you also don’t want to waste it so then you...
IV2	Okay, good point.
00:10:27
IV1	Yes, that’s actually a really good point, I hadn’t thought of that. That you kind of... With this system now, when you run low you get the new one, so the idea is you have it all the time.
P7	Yes.
IV1	But for bread, if it runs... Like in two days it’s not like the taste anymore...
P7	Yes.
IV1	And you would get, in theory, you should get a new bread every two days, right?
P7	Yes. So... 
IV1	Yes. Interesting.
P7	I think the most useful would be something like milk, you know? I always find like with milk it’s like you run out and then you can’t be bothered to go to the shops or it’s the kind of thing that like you can’t really remember how much of it you have or, you know, especially if you’ve got like multiple people. You don’t really know if like someone finished it. But then again I suppose... Yes, I don’t know. 
IV2	So milk you share with other people but not the bread?
00:11:14
P7	So I offered all of my housemates the bread but most of them were on diets or something. So I think some of them had a bit, but yes. 
IV1	You said that you went to... Obviously you went shopping for your normal stuff and then you walked past the bread aisle. And did you have to wait for long until the bread arrived? Because you said you would not get the bread because you knew bread was coming.
P7	Yes. I think most of the orders were three days. But that was kind of good because I was still finishing off the, you know, the previous loaf of bread. Like I didn’t really need to have it like immediately. 
IV1	Okay. You never changed the preferences, right? I think?
P7	No, I didn’t change them, no. 
IV1	You didn’t...? So they worked well for you, I guess? Or not? 
P7	Yes. I mean, I suppose... I mean, I... Because I know I had them on different settings, the eggs and the bread. I didn’t really notice the difference because I just left them both. The only time I cancelled the order was when it had gone wrong. I was never like, oh actually I won’t like... I don’t need any more of it. You know? So... But yes, I think the notifications worked, you know, well. 
IV1	Yes? And so what about the trigger setting? I mean, for the situation. Was it okay? I guess it didn’t really work that well, I think the trigger...
00:13:04
P7	Yes. 
IV1	Because you set it to 100g? No, wait, 150g and 55g or something, for the eggs 55g? 
P7	Yes. 
IV1	And for the bread 150g.
P7	Actually, for the eggs did I manually order both of them? 
IV1	Yes, I think so.
P7	Because I remember when you came I realised that there was only one egg in there and actually it should have reordered them. So actually I manually reordered there, didn’t I? Yes. 
IV1	I think you made the suggestion, I think that 55g... That the egg maybe was more than 55g so that’s why the system didn’t know that there was only one egg, right?
P7	Yes, like maybe it was a slightly heavy egg. So probably that wasn’t the best trigger setting for that. 
00:13:50
IV1	Yes. So you didn’t really see a difference between the... So you had two different autonomy levels, you didn’t really see a difference between them?
P7	No, but now I'm thinking that actually I never really experienced it properly with the eggs because I only manually reordered it.
IV1	You’re right actually, you never got a message.
P7	So I never really did it. 
IV1	Obviously that’s... You never saw the difference? You never got the message actually. That’s true.
P7	Yes. 
IV1	Yes, we’ll have a look at the data later and then we can see what happened, why actually... So yes, you just already mentioned how did you like the fact that you received a text message and email? Was that good?
P7	Yes. I mean, potentially didn’t need both. But, I mean, yes.
IV1	So what would you prefer?
00:14:47
P7	I guess probably a text message. 
IV1	All right, over the email, right? 
P7	Yes. I guess. Well, because I had my... I gave you my work email, so then my work email was sort of mailing me about bread. Which, you know, was fine, but like... I guess texts are just more... It’s kind of what you’re used to for like any... You know, like a code or like, I don’t know. Like if I need to reset something or whatever, anything online, they always send a text message. Don’t know. And there’s nothing else really in my text messages other than that kind of thing. Whereas emails it’s kind of, I don’t know, maybe it feels a bit more clogged up with like...
IV1	So you think there’s more space and then it fits better into your test message settings?
P7	Yes. 
IV1	That’s interesting.
IV2	So you’re saying that you had different text messages? From the text and from the email the information you had was different? 
IV1	No.
00:15:55
P7	No, I think it was the same. I didn’t notice a difference anyway.
IV1	Why do you think those things?
IV2	I think you... I think maybe you were comparing generally between the text message and the email, not specifically the...
P7	Oh, I think I just mean in general, like emails and texts. Like... Because, yes. Like in my texts nowadays it’s like nothing from actual people, it’s all just like, HMRC or Dominoes or like whatever, I don’t know, it kind of feels like a good place for some kind of alert, you know? 
IV1	And when you received the texts or email what information was important to you? 
P7	To be honest I'm not really sure... I kind of just glanced at it and it was basically just if I actually thought it was working or not, you know? Like because of... Yes. 
IV1	So nothing that you... Like no information that you thought was important that like you looked more into or you read more detail?
P7	I guess because most of the messages didn’t result in orders. So I was, you know? 
IV1	That’s a good point. Did you pay attention to the depots or where it came from? Like the remote local provider?
P7	I mean, I looked at the number of days, like because I was interested to know when it, you know, when it would arrive. But yes. I suppose because was it meant to be like the local depot is like better for the environment and stuff as well? But then it’s like it’s being couriered to you so it seems like that’s like balancing it out. I don’t know, it’s like... But presumably in like the real world they’d have like a whole bag of stuff rather than just like one box of eggs. 
IV1	Yes, and also so that’s a kind of limitation, so the idea... Like we prototyped the service and the idea is that you would have like a van... Like the whole street would be subscribed and the van would go into the street anyway and...
P7	Oh, okay, and just like a milkman. 
IV1	Yes, exactly. So that’s the vision, but yes, we’ve spent a lot of time in this study thinking about what the best way would be, but there is actually nothing you can do, if you want to have one thing delivered to somebody you can only have a courier because the shops, they usually always have like £40 minimum spending. Which makes sense. But obviously they shouldn’t like courier things, so there’s kind of a limitation. It’s good that you don’t... Yes, it would be great if you don’t worry too much about that, that’s like a thing that we wouldn’t want to be implement that way, it’s just like on the study there was no other way.
	What other information would have been useful to receive when you think about information in the text message?
P7	I don’t think so. I mean, I don’t know what information there is really. I mean, it tells you the type of thing it was, the time. How much, right? So yes. 
IV1	And do you remember how often you visited the website? 
P7	I think I just went on it that one time when it was broken to see if I could cancel the bread. But I guess it’s like... I mean, I kind of know how much bread and eggs there are, so I don’t... I mean, I don’t know. Instead of... I wouldn’t... I don’t know why I would check the app if I could just open the cupboard, if you know what I mean. 
IV1	Yes.
P7	Unless I was like, you know, out shopping, but then I suppose I would never be shopping for bread or eggs so maybe that’s a bit of a paradox. 
IV1	Yes. So you don’t feel like you... There was a need to visit the website? 
P7	Not really. 
00:19:55
IV1	Did you visit it on your mobile or on the laptop or something?
P7	On my mobile, I think.
IV1	Did you ever go use your laptop or something to visit the website, do you remember? 
P7	I'm not sure. Maybe I did look at it... I think I might have actually looked at it once or twice. I think I was like showing one of my friends maybe. I don’t think I did do it on my laptop, I'm not 100% sure. 
IV2	So when you showed it to your friend what was her or his response?
P7	I was just trying to explain to them, I was like telling them why I was getting bread delivered and they were like, what do you mean? I was like, oh, it’s a little app, see how much bread I eat. Yes, I mean, I think I just showed them the graph or something .
IV1	Okay. 
P7	I'm not sure how excited they were by how much bread I eat, but you know? 
IV1	Could you see it on the graph, does it make sense, the graph, or...?
00:20:52
P7	Yes, I think for the bread it looked like a little bit funny but yes, like I think you could see where it had... You know, where I’d eaten some. 
IV2	It is interesting that you mentioned that, when you explained, you mentioned about like how much you are eating. Like how much bread you are eating. So by having this system did it kind of, I don’t know, did it help you or change the way how you think about how much you’re using about the bread?
P7	I think, if anything, I just ate a lot more bread. Because I just didn’t want to waste it. And it was quite nice bread, so... 
IV1	It wasn’t... So why did you eat more, because you didn’t want to waste it? 
P7	Yes. Like and it’s... Like if I have something fresh then I’ll try and eat it like... But I maybe wouldn’t have bought that much. 
IV2	So it would be one of the kind of changes in your, how do you say, pattern about how much you’re consuming with bread, right?
P7	Yes. Yes. 
IV1	Yes, let’s ask that in a bit because I have one more question. You said once do you remember what you... What kind of information you looked for when you went on? Oh, you already mentioned what, oh yes, I forgot to say…
P7	Yes, well I was having a look at the orders and I was... Because I was wondering if my... I was wondering if I was cancelling my orders properly. And I couldn’t... I think I could see that they had been. They said cancelled. And... Yes. 
00:22:29
IV1	Okay. Again the same question, which other information would be useful to have on the website? Something else you can think of? 
P7	Because I guess like, I mean, one thing that would be, you know, if it was like in a kind of different... You know, if it was a bigger thing or whatever, like when I'm actually shopping or I want... Or I always forget if I actually have stuff or not, and then I end up with like 50 bags of pasta at home because every time I'm like, well just in case. Like... Even... So even in that case, knowing how much you had would be useful. But then if it’s ordering it for you then you wouldn’t need that. I don’t know if there’d be a scenario when I’d be interested to see how much of something I ate. 
	I don’t know, like I'm not really big into dieting so I'm not really interested from that perspective. But... Yes, I don’t know. Like I'm not totally sure when I would want to know, like, how many grams of bread I ate a week. 
IV1	You can’t think of any scenario you can think it would be useful, I guess? 
00:23:42
P7	Yes. Well, I mean, I suppose like really like nail down the weekly shop. Like I ate exactly this many grams of this and that. But yes. I'm not sure. 
IV1	So yes, with the system did your food consumption or shopping practices change in any way?
P7	Yes, so I ate more bread. I probably ate more eggs as well just because like, I’d never run out. But yes. 
IV1	Any daily practices change? Like anything that you kind of noticed in your daily...? Or I guess any new habits, I guess you already mentioned that you eat more, right? Did the origin of delivery and length of travel affect your decisions?
P7	So I think I just went with whatever it said in the text. Because like, to be honest, if it texts me, I'm at work or whatever, like I don’t really want to be like, oh, let’s have a look and see the ideal kind of bread. But also because I'm not really that fussy. Like if it was something else and it had like popped up and told me it was ordering me like, I don’t know, like a kind of cheese that I know I hate or something, then maybe I would have been like, no, change that. But kind of for me the ideal thing is something that just sort of like does it and I don’t have to think about it. So... 
	And I didn’t really bother to change the delivery times. But also because I didn’t really need it that urgently either.  Like, it always ordered it when I still had some left, I think. So yes. 
00:25:34
IV1	Okay. You said that you... When you would get the message at work you wouldn’t like spend that much time. Do you think it would make more sense then to send the messages at different times, not at like work hours or...?
P7	I guess like... It depends how many things. Because I mean, if there’s like a hundred things on the list I definitely wouldn’t want to get a message for every single item. Like that would be like too much. But I don’t know. I mean, I suppose like probably like the most kind of like dream scenario for me would be like if the kind of common items that I get are just like, I don’t know, once a week or something. Like delivered and like maybe it asks you if it’s going to do some kind of crazy substitute, but otherwise it leaves it. 
	But I don’t know, I mean, I suppose it’s easy to go wrong with that like, I don’t know. 
IV1	Why wrong?
P7	Well I mean, in a way, like if it’s... I don’t know. Well, because if it’s like I don’t want it to like buy more expensive versions of everything, or like buy versions of stuff I don’t want. But I also don’t really want like a hundred messages. I don’t know, maybe if it’s some kind of like app thing when it’s like, swipe, like. Yes to the beans, no to the tuna. Like I don’t know, something that’s like...
00:27:02
IV1	That’s quick?
P7	Quick and easy. And then you’re like done. Because, yes. The main thing I don’t like about shopping is like having to decide like, you know, think for everything. 
IV1	Yes, you mentioned something really interesting with this balance that on the one hand you want to be kind of in control because you don’t want it to just order something very expensive, on the other hand you don’t want to be notified all the time. 
P7	Yes, exactly. 
IV1	That kind of a tricky situation.
P7	Yes. I mean, you definitely don’t want to be notified for each individual item if you’ve got like a lot of items. But yes. 
IV1	So what substitutions would you not be happy with? You mentioned something very expensive or...
P7	Yes, or just like, I don’t know, if it substituted like the Giraffe bread for like, I don’t know, like white sliced bread. 
00:28:00
IV1	That would be not okay?
P7	I don’t really like... You know like the kind of, the ones...
IV1	The toasting?
P7	Yes. Like because just like I don’t really toast it so, I don’t know. Like...
IV1	So it’d be something that you don’t like to eat?
P7	Yes, if it substituted it for something that I wouldn’t actually want to eat. And yes. 
IV1	You just mentioned that you actually just went with the decision of the system. 
P7	Yes.
IV1	How come you trusted that?
P7	I mean, it did say what... Like it always kind of gave the information. And yes. It never picked something I didn’t want at all. So yes, I was kind of happy to go with it. But maybe also a bit because it’s a trial and so I was sort of like, curious to see how it, you know, how it was going to work, you know what I mean?
00:29:03
IV1	That makes sense actually. So if it would give you something that you wouldn’t like you would probably intervene then, right? Or...?
P7	Yes. 
IV1	Yes, I guess the choices that we had for you were not... Like you had Giraffe bread, brown bread and white bread I think, something?
P7	Yes, like they were all things that I was happy to eat, so yes. 
IV1	Could you imagine substitute system helping you to be more sustainable? 
P7	Well I think the way... I mean, the delivery method would definitely have to change because that seems quite unsustainable. I don’t know if there’s some kind of way of reducing packaging. Like if it could... You know, when it picked... No, I suppose they never picked stuff up. I suppose when they give you like the next lot they could take away and reuse some of the packaging or something. I don’t know.
IV1	Yes, or they could come with something and you just take it with your packaging or...
P7	Yes.
00:30:06
IV1	Actually you could come up with your... Yes, that’s actually good...
P7	Like instead of having... I mean, I suppose the eggs were like in a recycled box or whatever but, you know, stuff could not come in plastic, it could come in like something sturdier and then you could give it back, you know? Or, I don’t know. 
IV1	Yes, packaging is a good point. Anything else? 
P7	Yes, like I suppose it works best with stuff... Yes, and the hardest thing is for fresh stuff, I suppose. Because you kind of have to be in tune with it. But I don’t really eat stuff like regularly. I mean, like I don’t eat like a certain quantity of bread every day. So it’s easy to get like... To have like too much, you know? At some point. 
IV1	If it keeps reordering. 
P7	Yes. But then I guess I do the same thing when I go shopping anyway. 
IV1	What do you mean? Buy more?
P7	Buy loads of stuff because I'm hungry. And then be like, you know, have too much. And like have to eat like loads of broccoli one time, or something, because it’s there. 
IV1	So that’s one problem that you have when you go shopping, that you buy too much? Is that something that happens often or...?
00:31:34
P7	Yes, probably. Like I don’t really plan my meals so I just sort of put stuff into a basket and then...
IV1	How do you, like, if you don’t plan your meals how do you eat? 
P7	Not very well. Yes. 
IV1	Were you keeping an eye on the budget?
P7	Not really. Yes, no. 
IV2	Why not?
P7	I think if maybe the bread hadn’t reordered itself so many times, I don’t know, I wasn’t really sure, like, if that was including... Because I wasn’t really sure which orders were actually going to go through, I wasn’t really sure what was what, you know what I mean? 
IV1	Yes. It was a bit over ordering the stuff.
P7	Yes. Because I did at first look. Because the... Obviously the items are quite cheap but the courier makes them like several times the price that they would be, you know, from a shop. So I think that’s at first why I set it to prefer price or something. Because some of the next day deliveries were like £7 for a loaf of bread or something. But then after  that I kind of just let it order what it wanted. But I think it tended to go for cheaper stuff anyway.
00:33:05
IV1	Yes, I think so. 
P7	But yes, I think in real life I wouldn’t want... Like I wouldn’t want to pay a courier fee, obviously, for something that small.
IV1	Yes. You already talked about this but the question is, was there any time the system did not work as you expected. And obviously... Yes. What happened? But you already told us the thing. What do you think are the benefits for you having such a system? 
P7	I think the benefits would be if it was for all of my food. Like... And so I actually went to the shops less. Because with just these two items I'm still going to go to the shops the same number of times. And then it’s like there’s basically not really any point. But if it could do it for like everything, and then like once a week like have a sort of shopping list, maybe yes, if it already had a shopping list automatically and then I could add a few extra items and then it would deliver it all maybe. Something like that. 
00:34:27
IV1	Why would you like that scenario? 
P7	I guess like... Well I wouldn’t have to work out how much stuff I had left, so that’s like one advantage. And I guess I wouldn’t have to go to the shops. I don’t really mind going to the shops, like I don’t mind walking to the shops and like, you know? But I just can’t be like too lazy to like work out what I should buy. Yes, because there’s things like Hello Fresh that give you like sort of recommendations for like, you know, meals and stuff. I mean, maybe I would benefit from something like that. 
IV1	Oh, so they give you the quantities?
P7	Yes, and then you kind of... Because I suppose, yes, this system is making sure I always get the same amount of stuff. But I'm not really sure I order a great selection of... I buy a great selection of food anyway. Like I end up having some quite random meals at the end of the week. To use up the things that I’ve bought. 
IV1	Oh, so actually...
P7	So maybe, yes. Maybe if it suggested stuff that could be... I don’t know. 
IV1	Actually if it would maybe know how much you would need, that would help? 
P7	Yes. Like, I mean, definitely there’s a value to it, knowing how much stuff you have. And especially like if you have stuff that’s going to expire. If it knew that. That would be really good, you know? It could be like your courgettes and your like milk are going to expire tomorrow. Here’s a recipe for like a, I don’t know, courgette cheese bake or something. 
00:36:03
IV1	So just like...
P7	Maybe.
IV1	So just the whole thing...
P7	I think something like that would be really cool. Because I basically just have like, well, not every night, I'm not quite that bad, but I have a lot of like, you know, veg pasta or whatever. Just like really kind of boring meals that are basically just like put the things I have in a pan and like add some pasta to it. So yes. If like having kind of like more exciting things suggested to me would probably be quite good. 
IV1	Based on what you have left, right? You said? 
P7	Yes, like I suppose... Yes. 
00:36:45
IV1	That’s a really good idea actually. Yes. You just mentioned that it would be good if you have everything monitored, and then if you could add extra items. Why extra items?
P7	Well I don’t... I wouldn’t want... I don’t know, I don’t get the same, exactly the same stuff, every week. I suppose I do... I mean, I get quite a lot of the same stuff every week but like, I don’t know, I like to get the odd thing. You know? Like a different juice or cheese or like something just to, you know, make life seem exciting. But if you’re talking about sustainability it’d be cool if like it suggested to you stuff that was like fresh or whatever. Like, you know, something that was in season and like, you know, you could add that. 
IV1	Interesting, yes. 
P7	Or even like, yes, because I quite like, I like trying new things if it’s not hard to cook them, you know? Like, so... Like I would be quite happy say there’s like a new loaf of bread, you know? I would be like happy to like have that instead or like try that or if it’s like in, you know, a new whatever, type of biscuit, like I quite like... So, don’t know. 
IV1	So it’d be interesting for you to have not only like for like but also... 
P7	Yes, like but I wouldn’t want it to just give me that without asking, but like, yes, replacing like the main stuff that I have, that I run out of, but then at least having the option to add new stuff. Because otherwise I’d probably end up like going to the shops anyway.
00:38:30
IV1	Going to the shops anyway, what...?
P7	Buying some... You know?
IV1	Something else or something new. 
P7	Yes, like if it only orders me the stuff that I already have, then...
IV1	Okay, it can just [inaudible].
P7	Yes.
IV1	That makes sense. Yes, I think you already mentioned a lot but what are limitations? Are there limitations that you can think of? 
P7	So I guess, yes, like the cost of the courier. The fact that it was a message for everything. Like, I mean, the scales themselves are maybe not like ideal. Like I don’t think... There’s not really room for scales like that for everything. And obviously they can’t go in like a fridge. So like... And yes, I think they worked a bit better with a bowl or something. Something like bread the shape’s a bit, you know, irregular. 
00:39:40
IV1	One limitation that I think you made a bit implicit was that you would always get the same stuff and then you wouldn’t get new stuff, would that mean kind of that you wouldn’t really have the opportunity to get something else, right?
P7	Yes.
IV1	So that would be a bit boring that you always get... I mean, you just mentioned it was like the new type of bread in this case.
P7	Yes, exactly. Yes, I always pick up a couple of different things. 
IV1	Was there anything that you tried to make the system work better in any way? 
P7	Not really. Like I tried to not let other stuff touch the scales, only bread. But yes, that’s about it really. 
IV1	Did you tell your flat mates actually? 
P7	Yes, I told them about the study. Invited them to eggs and bread. 
IV1	Okay. Did you use the system in other ways than intended? Can you think of any way that you used it?
P7	I don’t think so. 
00:41:08
IV1	Yes, I mean, a lot of things I think you already said. So what would you change about the system or improve, I think when you talked about the benefits you talked about it. But more different offers and stuff. And you talked about the devices. What did you like most about the system? 
P7	I thought the deliveries worked well. They came at the times I wanted them to.
IV1	They were on time, always good.
P7	Yes. Well, because normally with post it’s like, no one’s in in the day and then you have to go pick it up or whatever. But didn’t have any problems with that. 
IV1	Anything else? I mean, you mentioned a lot of stuff, so...
P7	Yes. The actual produce was good. Like I was, yes, didn’t have any problems with the stuff that actually arrived.
IV1	Okay. So it fit to your tastes?
P7	Yes. 
IV1	What did you most dislike?
P7	Probably just the problems with the bread ordering. Just that like it didn’t just stop. You know, once it had ordered a loaf of bread and I left it, even if I didn’t need it, it like carried on messaging. 
00:42:27
IV1	Yes, I don’t know... I have no clue why we didn’t implement that. It would have been so easy to just say, oh, when you have an order then just don’t... Block everything else. Especially because in the study you’re not allowed to do more than one order, that’s like impossible. We told you at the start you’re not allowed to do more than one item. Yes, I don’t know, we didn’t think of it. I think it’s one of the things that you kind of implement extra. 
P7	Yes. 
IV1	Would you continue to use this service? 
P7	Probably not for the like bread and eggs because like I say, like I'm going to the shops anyway, and it’s like it’s no extra bother really to pick up bread or eggs if I need it. Yes. 
IV1	Were you aware of like the monitoring at all? 
P7	No.
IV1	Because it’s like the date of collections and stuff.
P7	Oh right. I mean, I knew it was monitoring how much bread I had. I wasn’t too bothered about my bread usage being leaked online.
00:43:35
IV1	Exploited. Leaked, yes, that’s a good one actually. On Wiki Leaks.
P7	Yes. Breaking news, never get another job.
IV1	Exposed. Which additional data do you think would have been useful to be captured and considered in the system?
P7	Maybe expiry date. I mean, yes. But then I suppose that’s tying... Well I suppose with the eggs because they’re all in a bowl, I mean, they’re all fairly recent but I suppose they’re all mixed up now. They probably have it printed on them. 
IV1	Yes, that’s true. But then you would have to look at all... Oh yes, because you mix them up.
P7	Yes. But, you know, something that like reminded... That like gave you a recipe with stuff that was running out would be great. Running out or get like, you know, going off I suppose, more than running out. 
IV1	Yes. Cool. Yes, I think that was it, all the questions. Do you have any more questions? 
IV2	Yes, I have a few. So one thing, so you mentioned about the Hello Fresh service. 
P7	Yes.
00:44:50
IV2	Did you consider like thinking about using that kind of service before you participated in this study or so?
IV1	That’s a good question actually.
P7	Actually I think I might have only thought about it whilst I was doing this study maybe. That’s maybe what made me think of it. Well, we had a leaflet on the table and I don’t know whether... But I think the study has made me think more about it probably. But yes. 
IV1	So are you going to try the thing or maybe...?
P7	Maybe. I might see... I might investigate it. Like I’ve heard people like say they enjoy it. 
IV1	Is it...? I don’t even know, how much do you pay for it? 
P7	So that I'm not sure. Yes. 
IV2	Is it the main thing in a way trigger you to think about making connection with the Hello Fresh is the thing that you would get stuff when you are running out or is it something that you kind of, you know, wanted to get something regularly? 
P7	I think it’s more... It’d be more than like it gives you like... It’s like the variety. That it gives you the right amount of stuff and it gives you a recipe. Because that’s the thing that I'm really bad at. Is like planning what I'm going to eat for like a week. And then I'm like, I get home and I'm too lazy to like research like a recipe and so I just have like the same boring things each night. So I would kind of like to be more adventurous because I like eating a wide variety of foods. But the actual effort involved of like planning like all of these recipes each week and then buying all the right amounts of food and then like cooking it is like, is a lot of work. So I suppose something that kind of did that would be cool.
00:46:51
IV1	I guess especially the portions that you enjoyed now, how much portions of what.
P7	Yes. Like to be honest, even if I got like a recipe list for the week that was like the amount of stuff that I needed that I could make what I wanted with, and then I went to the shops and bought it myself, that would still be, like, quite good for me. Because I kind of get to the shops and then I forget what it is that I need and then I don’t really... I just get random stuff. Like, yes. 
IV2	Yes? Because I think this is interesting so I wanted to kind of keep asking you one more question but this might be not easy to kind of answer. But I think it will be great if you can try. So what aspect of experience with this system kind of made you think about the, like getting... Like using the service of like Hello Fresh? So for example is it about you don’t need to plan or not... Something that you mentioned about like getting more like option, variety, of like other options. So I was just kind of curious what are the things that kind of trigger you thinking about using a service like Hello Fresh based on the experience of this.
00:48:18
P7	I guess, I mean, the deliveries thing worked quite well. I’ve no idea if Hello Fresh can deliver you stuff at a certain time. That would be a big problem if they can’t. Because... So yes. But I mean, like if there was something that worked, like could deliver it like as reliably as this, like, trial, and so I'm not worried that it’s going to like, you know, be taken to the local Royal Mail depot or something. Then like that could be like a feasible option. But I’ve never really thought of having like some of my food delivered because I always associate having stuff delivered with being like a massive pain. 
	Like the Royal Mail depot is only... Like closes at 2:00 every day, except for like Wednesdays. So if your package [inaudible] it’s like you have to wait a whole week or whatever. So like, I don’t normally like order stuff, you know? It seems like less convenient than just walking to Sainsbury’s which is like five minutes away. But yes.
IV1	I quite like the question, yes, I think what I would be interested in is kind of from like talking about it and you describing it, it appeared to me while you were talking about, oh yes, actually it would be good if there would be something that is... Like I have a problem with portioning or stuff like that, and then oh yes, Hello Fresh will be something good. So I had the impression that you just thought about this now, but did you think about it during the study?
00:49:50
P7	Yes, like a bit. Well, I mean, I guess it was partly the study and partly like someone had left a leaflet. I think one of my housemates must do it. But yes, I’d never really thought about ordering food before. But yes, I mean, a combination between the kind of Hello Fresh approach and the actually monitoring what you have could be something that really... Good potential. 
IV1	Yes, so...
P7	Presumably Hello Fresh has no idea what you’ve already got in the house. So, you know, it might just send you loads of potatoes and you’ve already got loads of potatoes. 
IV1	Yes. I think... I don’t know how it works actually but it probably does.
P7	And then I imagine you also have to go to the shop to get the rest of the stuff so it’s just like an extra. So yes. 
IV2	So one more question about... So you said autonomy level for medium for both items.
IV1	Oh no, just for the eggs? Or was it for both?
00:50:53
P7	No, I had it... The bread I had it on the highest setting, like it just ordered it. And then it sent me a text saying I could cancel it, but I didn’t. Well I didn’t accept when it was broken. 
IV2	So for the egg high...
IV1	Oh, for the bread medium.
IV2	Yes. Okay, so one bread you had medium so you can like receive the order and you can cancel it if you want to. 
P7	Okay, yes.
IV2	And then the egg it will just kind of automatically order? 
IV1	It should have, yes.
P7	Yes.
IV2	So maybe just focus on the bread example. So for the bread there are... I'm not sure if you remember. There are three different  types of autonomy level. Then one the system will just order and then send it. And then the medium that you chose they will receive you a message but you had the chance to cancel. But the system will order for you. But another option was low autonomy that the system wouldn’t order unless you confirm. 
00:52:01
P7	Yes. 
IV2	So now as per your experience of the system, if you want to make a choice, what would you...?
P7	Well maybe the lower setting because then if it’s a little bit broken then it would maybe be less of an issue. But I don’t know. I mean, like I say, like I wouldn’t want to get messages all the time asking me if I need more bread and if I need more this and if I need more that. Like the benefits of this kind of thing for me is that like I don’t really notice that it’s even doing it, you know? It’s just like I never run out of pasta and I never have to think about running out of pasta, it just like is there, you know? I guess. And yes. Provided the system’s good enough to get like a suitable kind of pasta for a reasonable price, then yes. 
IV1	Cool, yes, interesting. I think that was it, right? Do you have any more questions? No. I would like to show you data because actually it’s quite interesting. I think last times, so that is the eggs and you can totally tell that, I don’t know, did you take the bowl out for a few days or something? Because here it looks like there was nothing on.
00:53:19
P7	Not for a few days. But... Wait, do you remember when you came round, had it gone under or something? Did it think...?
IV1	Here, I mean, it went to minus 13g but that’s like very... 13g is like a bit of salt, right? 
P7	Yes. I don’t think I took... How long would that be for, a day? So definitely didn’t take it out for days.
IV1	That’s like three days or something. Or might have been... I wonder if it seriously was something in the cupboard that changed the readings or something.
P7	There was a time when it went down to one egg but yes. 
IV1	This is... How many eggs do you have now, do you know? 
P7	There’s quite a few eggs there. 
IV1	Maybe it was something wrong with the reading  then.
P7	Oh okay, there’s two. There’s only two. So maybe that’s right. 
IV1	Yes, if you want you can keep the bowl, can we have the scales? And here it was like off or something, that’s super weird. I mean, this is also a bit annoying because it shows only it’s only in ten minutes. So the scale is sending every 30 seconds, so twice a minute, and this is kind of compressing it, so that’s a lot of data missing. But it’s just like an average.
00:54:36
P7	Yes.
IV1	And here you can like... I think actually... I don’t remember when I... I think on the 29th, when I was here... It just like from one point you can see it kind of getting better and you can see like that you eat a few slices. But here you can totally see like it’s gone... Making more sense. 
P7	Yes. 
IV1	So yes, and I think even this trigger was...
P7	It’s weird the eggs don’t vary more because I ate the whole...
IV1	Oh no, sorry, this is wrong. This is the signal strength.
P7	Oh right. 
IV1	No, this doesn’t make any sense, this is just the signal to the... And the battery which was quite all right actually in your case. And this, oh yes, this like noise. So when it changed. 
P7	Yes.
00:55:32
IV1	Yes, the eggs. I mean, here at the start it kind of seemed to work. Reconnect auto detail when you took the whole thing off.
P7	Yes.
IV1	And when you took some stuff like that. But then here... Yes, I wonder what was here. Because this is quite long. Started on the 27th.
P7	I think that’s when I had one egg and you came round and then I realised that it should have ordered more. And there was...
IV1	Yes, not only... It was 29th I think.
P7	Yes, and there was something.
IV1	Yes, because I remember I came here and I saw that there was the bowl on. So yes, I think today I looked at the data and stuff and I thought, that’s weird. So maybe, I don’t know, maybe the readings. Should have been... Like 180g is the bowl so, yes. [Inaudible]. Cool. Yes, that was it. Thank you so much. Actually...
00:56:25
 
P8exit		
Speaker Key:
IV	Interviewer
P8	Interviewee

00:00:00
IV1	First question is it would be great if you could explain to me the system how you would explain it to a friend, or like just simply in your words explain what the system was about.
P8_1	Oh, a system to automate your shopping experience basically, reordering things as they get low. Save you time, effort, assuming you did that with everything but… 
IV1	Ah ha. Yes.
P8_1	That’s about my explanation.
IV1	Ah ha.
P8_1	Oh, and adjustable to your needs if you want to… Yes, how the weight that you want it to trigger on and all that sort of thing.
IV1	Right. Anything to add or does that sound right?  
IV2	That sounds right.
P8_2	Automated grocery shopping.
IV2	Yeah. It would be great if you could tell me about the experience. How were the last four weeks?
00:00:54
P8_1	It was good. Like I realised after a while that Id actually put my preferences round the wrong way because I kept on going for the cheapest thing rather than the… Because I think I had delivery first or something and then when I saw a bunch of bananas with seven noughts it was like no. It's in pounds. And even though it's not like money I'm still like no, no, no, no. So yes, just had to get through that adjustment phase because then I had to like adjust the weight when it triggered because we had to wait two days for the order so I'd run out in that time.
IV2	Hm.
P8_1	So yeah, there's a teething period but I think once you get used to it its good. Yes.
IV2	So how long did it take for you to realise changing that?
P8_1	Maybe after the first couple of orders.
00:01:45
IV2	Hm. Yeah, the one, how do I say, what helped you to realise that you set the preference wrong?
P8_1	Just thinking about it. Like the first time I didn’t really think about it. Because then you know how it gives you the option to go on and go I want this one instead, and sometimes…
P8_2	Did we order initially too little or too much? No, too little hey?
P8_1	Too little. Yes. But we can adjust the amount that comes. We can adjust when it gets ordered.
P8_2	Oh, okay.
P8_1	So yeah, I did ask it to increase…
IV1	Oh I forgot that was at the start. Yes, yes, exactly. Yes.
P8_1	Yes, I mean ideally I think I'd want to be able to adjust all of those to make it work really how I want it to.
00:02:30
P8_2	I mean I do. I'd want it to kind of stop tracking. I'd like to have an AI. I mean that’s what we're looking for but ideally I'd want it to have an AI behind it where it can know… I mean after the two to three weeks you should be able to see your trends and start going okay I can see a little bit of what's going on.
IV1	And then what would it do based on that?
P8_2	It would just adjust. So it automatically provides suggestions. So I suppose you’ve got a baseline but then you could also have a suggestion part of it.
P8_1	You can see how fast you're running out of stuff.
P8_2	Yes.
P8_1	You'd be able to notice. Then it wouldn’t be human intervention.
P8_2	Yes, kind of sitting there going on this trajectory it will all be done, yes. I enjoyed the novelty of not having to think about those, so rather just getting it on Mondays.
P8_1	Yes. I'm the adjuster.
P8_2	So I did have some AI.
IV1	You did have some what, sorry?
P8_2	I did have some artificial intelligence.
IV1	Oh cool. Anything else you can think of like from the last four weeks like you want to share about the experience?
00:03:47
P8_2	I mean I liked it but the one thing that I do think is with something like that so for instance if we just think about the fruit bowl over there, it's not something that you would possibly be able to… So it wouldn’t be something that you'd carry on doing because you couldn’t possibly have your bananas in one bowl, your oranges in another bowl. You know, I was thinking about what would be the kind of appropriate ways of doing something like that and it would be tough either way but I suppose if you could be doing it via a camera which is visually doing it rather than wait then that could be good or having a different type of carrier. But would somebody…? Like I mean a different type of carrier I suppose you'd have to have a stacking system where you have different produce…
IV1	[Unclear].
P8_2	And ultimately, I mean for me, the way that I see it is the problem with any type of scale based system is just run out of scales. Like the moment you want to change something or add more or something like that you run out of scales whilst being able to have something that visualises it.
IV1	Fun.
P8_1	It's not scalable.
00:05:06
P8_2	I mean that’s how fridges work as well, self-ordering fridges, is that they’ve got compartments and you've got to systematically always put this here and that there and that there where… I'm saying, I've been in this industry as well, so I'm saying how tough could it be to have some of this new tech? I mean we've got some amazing tech that’s being used in holow-lens at the moment which is, you know… And actually in the new iPhone X, which has also got depth perception and all of that to be able to one, to be able to visually see something and two, being able to make a 3D model of something. So we should almost be in a state where the hardware shouldn't be that expensive to achieve.
IV1	And the advantage of that would be that you just don’t need to bother where you put stuff right or…?
P8_2	Yeah, yeah, yeah, but I mean you'd always have to have some type of system. I mean we're not… Because it would be at an angle so if you’ve got a fruit bowl that’s probably… A fruit bowl would be one of your worst ones because everything's piled on top of each other and wouldn’t really be able to know. Unless, like this is just musing out load, unless as your removing from the fruit bowl it's also kind of looking to see so it's got a…
IV1	[Unclear].

00:06:23
P8_2	It can see when you’ve lowered it and when you're taking it out. The action triggers off something to tell us it's taken.
IV1	Yes. Interesting.
P8_2	Kind of like barcoding it in, barcoding it out, you know, but visually barcoding it in and out, but then would you get stuck, is that a nectarine or an apple sometimes.
IV1	Yes. How did the re-ordering work for your household? In general. Was it okay?
P8_1	Yes, like… Yes, it was fine. I adjusted like the first couple of weeks and after that I just let it do its thing.
IV1	What do you think about the orders that were made for you? Like the type of food.
P8_1	Oh, what? The quality?
IV1	Yes, rather the type.
P8_1	Oh, so having bananas over say something else being reordered?
IV1	Bananas wasn’t a pretty bad one because we didn’t have substitutes so it was just like small or large.
00:07:22
P8_1	Yes.
IV1	That was not very clever from our side. I mean on the other hand… Yes, the oranges were kind of sometimes…
P8_1	Oh yes, because the oranges were always sold out. There's always like…
P8_2	I think we once got oranges.
P8_1	Yes, we once got oranges. It was always like little ones or clementines or something but a bit… Don’t really mind so…
IV1	Yes. Okay.
P8_1	So not fussy.
IV1	So it was fine yes?
P8_1	Yes.
P8_2	But ultimately if this was your money I think you would want the oranges, you would be sitting there going I want, I fancy serving… I mean I would. Okay, so I would. I would be sitting there going… 
IV1	You would wouldn’t you?

00:07:58
P8_2	If I want to eat clementines all the time I'd get those but I do want oranges. I do like having proper oranges.
IV1	Okay.
P8_2	I mean for me I would say that.
IV1	Yes, actually can we look at the orders? I don’t even know how often… So how many deliveries? One, two… Ah, you got oranges twice I think.
P8_2	Only twice, yes.
IV1	Two times easy peelers and one clementine, and that was it.
P8_1	Yes, there were quite a lot of substitutes actually.
IV	Yes. Did one of the items work better than the other for you? Or were they all the same?
P8_1	Same.
IV1	Same?
P8_1	Same, but maybe not for him. Well it's more appealing I guess when it's little ones. To fill up our [unclear]. 
00:08:49  
IV1	Use them for the smoothies then?
P8_1	Yes, I never eat fruit. I just drink it.
IV1	And the autonomy level, how did that work for you?
P8_1	Autonomy? What do you mean?
IV2	The medium autonomy.
P8_1	Oh. I guess fine because I didn’t even notice it.
IV1	Okay. Did you never think about changing it to one of the other ones because there was low, medium, or high?
P8_1	What were the…? What was like, what was low for instance?
IV1	Low was just that you get a message that you can make an order. Like you get a    link or you're running out, you make an order. And high was just that the order just    goes ahead and just telling you this is going to be delivered.
P8_1	Oh, no. I liked the medium.
P8_2	I'd rather get the message saying it's going to happen.
P8_1	I did change the orders so…
00:09:42
IV1	Yes. You both got the messages right? 
P8_2	Yes.
IV1	Okay. Was that interesting? Oh maybe wait, I have the question later actually. But you mentioned that, oh let's do that later too. Right, how do you think the agent made the choice about what to order for you?
P8_1	How do I think it made the choice?
IV1	Yes, because it kind of gave you different things at different times. What do you think? How it decided what to go for the order, what's the best?
P8_1	I thought it was based on the preferences.
IV1	Yes, yes.
P8_1	So I mean I did notice once I changed it to price as a preference it would give me the cheapest and the one that took the longest to get here.
IV1	So that worked for you kind of yes?
P8_1	Yes.
00:10:31
IV1	Okay. So were you able to rely on the system at the end or was there a time where you had to actually buy oranges or bananas?
P8_2	We always came close on weekends, but then it was a case of oh don’t worry…
P8_1	Once, but we were only short a day, yes.
P8_2	Yes, it was [overtalking].
P8_1	It was just like now, it was just like the last week. I think that’s also partly because we knew it was going to be finished soon anyway so it was oh let's get some.      
P8_2	Yes. We only went for a small amount as well.
IV1	So you never changed or cancelled an order? 
P8_2	No.
IV1	You cancelled a few orders right? Do you remember? Can we have a look at the list?
P8_1	Yes, but I can't remember what happened. Like something went a bit weird and it was before I changed my preferences. 
IV1	The orders… I think there was a forced trigger or something.

00:11:28
P8_1	Yes, it got angry when I tried to change it, like maybe if I did it through the App or on my computer… I forgot to write down what happened but I…
IV1	No, the not the orders, sorry.
P8_1	I had to make a manual order because it looked like it hadn't actually gone through.    Like I'd get the email a few times.
IV1	Oh.
P8_1	Something weird happened on one time.
IV1	Because one time I think you… Here, you had to cancel once in the morning and then in the afternoon or something because sometimes… Yes?
P8_1	It was almost as if it hadn’t cancelled and it came through again. Like it looked like I was going to get two orders so I wasn’t quite sure. And they never did two orders so…
IV1	Oh, okay. 
P8_1 	But sorry I don’t quite remember.
00:12:08
IV1	Oh no, it's fine. I think, like it's crazy, it's been four weeks. I think I remember basically I can only see when it triggers and I think… And I looked at the data and I think it was… Sometimes wrong triggers can happen like when, I don’t know, something falls down or you clean or something, so I think that might have been a wrong trigger. I'm not sure.
P8_2	Maybe if it's pushed up against the wall, just getting off the weight for a bit.
IV1	Yes, yes, exactly.
P8_1	It was more like when I cancelled something, like one of the expensive orders, and then tried to… Maybe I couldn’t do it through… Oh, I don’t know.
IV1	Okay. Can we look at the orders again? Do you remember why did you…? Remember you said you changed a few orders right? Do you remember why?
P8_1	Yes. Oh, because of price.
IV1	Oh okay. The price was too high and then you've…
P8_1	Yes.
IV1	Okay. So you kind of got the notification and then…?
P8_1	And then I would go and just pick the longer lead time.
P8_2	And then…
00:13:09
IV1	Okay, yes? So did you trust the agent to make the decisions for you? The ranking and stuff.
P8_1	Yes, I mean, like I said after I changed the preference.  
IV1	After you found the right setting for you.
P8_1	Yes. Then I engaged and it changed me after that.	
IV1	Hmhm. I think like three, I don’t remember.
P8_1	Yes. Its halfway through I guess that I changed it.
IV1	You never changed the preference…. No, you did change the preferences.
P8_1	The ordering, yes.
IV1	Yes, and then also the trigger, right?
P8_1	Yes, I changed the trigger a couple of times.
IV2	Could you tell us about the process? How you…?
00:13:57
P8_1	Oh, it was just each time if we'd run out before we got the next order. I mean [unclear] the trigger for next time. But you know sometimes Id forget to do it but I'm pretty sure I had to twice for bananas and once for oranges. And once they asked you did you increase for oranges.
IV1	Yes, yes, because…
P8_1	We got through stuff too quick.
IV2	Yes, I think when we look at the order it was 300 and 200 or something. 
IV1	Yes, the preference for the trigger I think you changed it twice to go higher right, so it triggers earlier. How come you just went for…? Why did you not change it immediately from like 200 to 400, you went and…?
P8_1	Because I'm dumb. I don’t know why. I was like how much does a banana weigh? I wasn't even thinking about… Like I have a bare conception of weight.
IV1	Oh, interesting.
P8_1	Yes, that was user error.
IV1	I guess it's just like… I wouldn’t know how much to change, like really.     
P8_1	I just don’t… Yes. I know how much I weigh and that's pretty much it. I don’t worry about it.


00:15:05
IV1	That’s a bad start already. Yes, could you tell us a bit more about your interactions with the system, so how did you like getting text messages? Did you both get text or email? I don’t remember.
P8_2	I got text. 
P8_1	I got both.
P8_2	I didn’t get the email I don’t think.
P8_1	Yes, I find it easier to operate on the computer because I found that on that App when I was on my phone I couldn’t get to like into my preferences to change stuff. Like I could only see the order and I could only be able to change the order. I didn't try too hard but it was kind of hard to get into the App. Anyway, it was much easier on my laptop because I had the links all setup. 
IV1	Oh yes, yes.
P8_1	Not that it's an App, but anyway.
IV1	Yes.
00:16:00
IV2	So she was changing the order sometimes and then when you received the text were there times that you were thinking about changing it or you just…?
P8_2	I just [unclear].
P8_1	He didn’t look at it.
IV1	Oh so you didn’t talk about it before? You just go ahead…
P8_1	No.
P8_2	No, you could see that I was home before you. That’s the only thing…
P8_1	Yes, that was his job, was to be here for the order.
IV1	Oh.
P8_2	You could also see that I was home before you when I was making the smoothie   because you said twice you got a message that we were running low on something while you were still on your way home.
IV1	Oh.
P8_2	You said oh you must be home getting the…
P8_1	Oh, did I?
00:16:45
P8_2	Yes. She was were spying on me.
IV1	That’s fascinating. Maybe we can talk about it later. I think we have a question about that. When you received the text or the email what information was important to you?
P8_1	Most, yes, price and lead time. I mean, he cared about the oranges but I didn’t mind which one and like you said bananas was bananas and bananas. Surprise!
IV1	And for you?
P8_2	I didn’t pay much attention to that, I just saw what it was so I just saw what it was and when it was coming which was… Yes, when it was coming was probably the most important.
IV1	So you didn’t pay attention really to which depot it was coming from?
P8_1	No.
P8_2	But I did ask. I mean asked the people who were delivering. Yes.
00:17:39
IV1	Okay.
P8_2	I asked…
IV1	You talked to them. Okay.
P8_2	Yes, so the one I asked him where he was because I was quite intrigued to know if it was a company or what it was. Yes, he was Addison Lee. And then you thought the one said Deliveroo but…
P8_1	Yes, but no, it was just Deliveroo. I was confused, I didn’t even know who it was.      I was like I don’t have a delivery today. What the hell? I thought it was some mistaken food order.
IV1	What other information do you think would have been useful to have in your text or email? In the notification. Is there something you think was missing?
P8_1	No.
P8_2	No.
IV1	How often did you visit the website then?
P8_2	Never.
IV1	That's easy.
P8_1	I think it was just the three times or four times that I changed stuff. But every time, you know, if I was confirming or changing order so maybe… Five/six.
00:18:38
IV1	What pages did you visit? So did you use…? You only went to change something or did you look at something else as well on the website? [Unclear]
P8_1	What else did I look at? I did have a look around just to see. Because I wanted to see if I could change how much I was getting.
IV1	Oh, okay.
P8_1	So I guess I vaguely looked at everything but yes, just mostly looking at… I changed my ordering times as well. Yes.
IV1	And why did you change them?
P8_1	Ordering times, we weren’t always guaranteed to be home the time that I'd originally set it and yes like the preferences was because I wanted cheaper stuff and because I wanted more stuff more frequently.
IV1	And you never looked at the consumption?
P8_1	No, I didn’t. I mean I think I might have glanced at it but I didn’t pay much attention.
00:19:50
IV1	Did you use like mainly mobile or web? Do you remember? Mobile or internet connection?
P8_1	Computer mostly. Like if I wanted to change an order I would use the App but you know I think I mostly used the laptop.
IV1	Is there anything that would have been useful to have on the website? That wasn’t there?
P8_1	No, I don’t think so. Oh yes, obviously changing it up. But that’s about it.
P8_2	So I saw the website when we first went on. Obviously for me I would have thought, for me, I would say, you know, nice easy ways to be able to modify the triggers and things like that, quite visual ways and also…
IV1	Like a slider or something?
P8_2	Yes, yes. And some easy analytics which is kind of showing, you know, kind of prompting you to change it as well, going this current trajectory it looks like you could use more or use less or order quicker or something like that.
IV1	So it's like suggestions of the system, yes.
P8_2	Yes.
IV1	And would you prefer that on the website or on some kind of notification service?
P8_2	Too many notifications and… I mean too many notifications and I stop looking at them. So even this, having the messages, I took a quick glance just to see what it was but then I think I got a couple of messages from it so I turn off when I get too many notifications with anything pretty much.
00:21:31
IV1	But what was for you too much? Too many?
P8_2	We were on the verge of too many. But that’s I suppose because it's warning me that it's going to order and then it tells me that it has ordered.
IV1	Yes.
P8_2	So I'd say for me that’s just enough. I suppose everyone has their own threshold. For me that’s just enough. But I'm just saying with emails and the moment I start getting kind of repetitive emails I just turn them off. I don’t know if you know that Outlook has a clutter section now where you don’t even look at things and it automatically gets transferred into clutter. I've got a big clutter section.
IV1	Are you never afraid that there's something in the clutter that might be important?
P8_2	I suppose if there is then somebodies going to put a different flag on it or… I mean quite often, very often, I miss things so I have people chasing me up on different things. If it’s a client email then it's obviously a bit different but if its. Usually with internal emails I end up having people chasing me because…. Or because of my timesheets.
00:22:32
IV1	Because what?
P8_2	Timesheets. That’s kind of how we met. Because I never did my timesheets the whole time.
IV1	Interesting.
P8_2	Yes.
IV1	Have your food consumption or shopping practices changed within the last four weeks through the system? 
P8_1	Not at all.
P8_2	Are you saying that we have a little bit less at one… We had to be a little bit sparing at the beginning. Now it seems like we've got quite a bit.
IV1	Could you say that again?
P8_2	I think I was more considering it when I was making the shakes, you know, what was going to happen, so I was a little bit more sparing at the beginning, especially with I think the oranges. I was quite…
IV1	That’s when you wrote me then…     
IV2	Ah, so you are using less oranges?
00:23:28
P8_2	Yes.
IV2	Ah, okay.
IV1	Because there was less…
IV2	And then after some time you kind of went back to the normal kind of amount you're using or…?
P8_2	Yes, yes. I think that’s when it got up to…
IV2	Yes.
P8_2	Because we always say that if we don’t eat the fruit in time then we'll just freeze it [overtalking] and unless with this one obviously we're not freezing because it's on repeat.
IV1	So your daily practices regarding food consumption didn't really change that much? Or didn't change at all?
P8_1	Not for me. And just what he said, yes.
IV1	And shopping? Any change in shopping?
00:24:11
P8_2	Just not getting the stuff.
P8_1	Yes. I don’t think it's been any significant change.
IV1	And in general new habits? As a result of that system. No? Just like…?
P8_1	Yes, the same. Like we still have to go shopping.
P8_2	I think a full automation system would be a God-send for me. I'd love it. 
IV1	What's that?
P8_2	A full automated system I would love. I would love. But I mean for me it's about the cost so if everything's coming in one go, it's kind of analysing what you're doing and bringing it all in one go then it's alright, if its constant orders, where I've constantly got to be home at this time and the cost behind it then that would push me away from it but yes, I'd love having a fully automated system. Because a lot of our stuff is repeat.
IV2	I see. So if I understood right you want it to be fully automated so that it could be just like one time a week.
P8_2	Yes.
IV2	Okay.

00:25:23
P8_2	Yes. And the basics. So a fully automated system of the basics, so there’re certain things we'll always get like chicken breasts and, you know, specific steaks, and if we want to deviate slightly from the path then that’s just on the way home, picking up one or two things where you don’t have to carry it all home afterwards.
IV1	Did the origin of delivery and the length of travel affect your decisions at all?
P8_1	I didn’t really notice. Like I can't even remember seeing where the delivery was coming from. I just always assumed that the longer lead time one was the… Yes, actually, I think I probably made incorrect assumptions about the longer lead time, one was more local.
IV1	Yes. Which is true. [Unclear] When it's longer that kind of means it's not like an express thing.
P8_1	Yes. But I don’t know if that assumption is correct in this case.
00:26"21
IV1	It was. It was correct. Could you imagine such a system helping you to be more sustainable in any way?
P8_1	Yes, I mean if it's… Particularly if it's more local deliveries. I mean if you can see that and you know it would affect my decision.
P8_2	And also I mean one of the things that you want to do is you want to disable the cold thing where you get just local produce or more local and in season produce and then we make… So I'd say with that type of thing we would.
IV1	Yes.
P8_2	I mean that’s fruit and veg. And then we're not even talking about wines and beers. I'd like to get local sustainable wine.
IV2	So you are mentioning about the kind of [unclear] kind of thing when you say…? You just mentioned about getting the seasonal…?
P8_2	Oh disabling cold. Disabling the cold is what you're keen on.
IV2	Yes, yes.
P8_2	Yes, they just send you kind of what's the current thing and what's close, yes.
IV2	Just curious. So you were thinking about the possibility of using the kind of service based on the experience with this system or…?
P8_2	Yes, well we've been thinking about for a while. Do you feel that this has made it closer? I mean that is ultimately…?
P8_1	Yes, I've been holding onto this disabling cold stuff for like months.
P8_2	Maybe even a year. It's been a long time.
00:27:55
P8_1	But yes, so maybe it did prompt me to do it seeing as this is stopping that [unclear].
IV1	[Overtalking].
P8_1	Yes, I've sent my keys to them.
IV1	Okay.
P8_1	So it's not started yet but it should.
P8_2	So at least when they deliver they just open, because we've sent them the keys, they can just drop it inside.
IV1	But not these keys?
P8_1	No, just the front door key. So I figure they can leave it outside our door. Yes.
IV1	That’s crazy. They must have so many keys right, like for every…?
P8_1	I think lots of… I'm sure there must be lots of places where you can hide it somewhere.
IV1	Yes.
P8_1	Here there's just nothing.
00:28:28
IV2	So you are saying this…? Sorry, I want to make sure I understood right, so you actually started…?
P8_1	I haven't started, no.
IV2	Oh.
P8_1	I sent the keys on Saturday so I have to wait to hear from them and then I'll make my order.
IV2	I see. So you order keys?
P8_1	No, I said I leave the keys.
IV2	You leave the key. Oh, okay.
P8_2	[Overtalking] the order.
P8_1	Because they don’t have a set delivery time. It's just any time during the day.
IV1	You mentioned the wine and beer. You might get local wine? It's just placed…
P8_2	I talk probably more about beers. I just like the idea of different microbreweries doing beers and seeing what's in season or in fashion because, you know, like one of the beers that we like it a mango one which is I suppose… It’s a mango light beer which is seasonal. And also the other one is actually a blood orange light beer which is also seasonal.
00:29:32
IV1	I think that’s London. London is a good place for microbreweries. There are so many.
P8_1	Yes, it's pretty fashionable now.
IV1	Yes, when we talk about the habits, or about the lack of habits, how did it work with the scales? Was it okay to put the stuff on the scales? Yes? Because you kind of had a different set up before, you just had one bowl for everything. You had two after that, but was there no difference?
P8_1	No, it was fine.
P8_2	No difference but it's definitely an inconvenient size wise so that…
IV1	Yes, it's true. It takes up more…
P8_1	Yes, we don’t have the fridge space but…
IV1	Were you keeping an eye on the budget?
P8_1	Yes. I had a look, yes. I did look one at the budget but generally, you know, just like in my choices for the orders I had the budget in mind. I don’t know why. But I guess, I was behaving as I would if it was my own money.     
00:30:40
IV1	Cool. Was there any time that the system did not work as you expected it to work?
P8_1	I mean I don’t think so. Like I can't remember quite what went wrong that one time when I cancelled and reordered but that would be the only incident that I can't explain properly because I can't remember.
IV1	Yes, I can't even remember. I remember there was something but I don’t remember the details anymore. Nothing for you? No?
P8_2	No, not for me. It was acceptable.
IV1	What do you think are the benefits for you having such a system? Just generally.
P8_1	I mean it's probably lots of what you’ve already said…
P8_2	Yes. A fully automated, I mean I say fully automated, I say partially automated system would be awesome, like it would be a complete time saver. And especially also if they had the keys downstairs and they could just go and chuck it so when you walk in you can pick that up or… That would be ideal. So big time time saver.
IV1	Yes. Anything else at all?

00:31:56
P8_1	Well yes, I mean if you can set it up to be as sustainable as possible as well then that’s another bonus.
P8_2	Do you think we would eat healthier if we were constantly getting like fresh fruit and veg and all of that? Like on our unhealthy days what do we eat? Like there's quite often like where we run the fridge and the freezer down completely and then we just kind of cooking with whatever's there so…
P8_1	I don’t know. I think you probably would, yes. Because I hate wasting stuff so I'll eat all the things.
P8_2	Yes. But I mean that’s the idea with Abel & Cole, they give us a box of vegetables and fruit and we've got to make stuff out of them. I want to see how that goes.
IV1	What do you think our limitations were? I mean you already mentioned few I guess but can you repeat maybe or something?
P8_2	Yes, I mean my ultimate limitation is just if it's going to be a scale per product that’s a big limitation so rather having a smarter way of analysing what the product is which is, you know, just using video or… I'd say pretty much the only way to do the thing is to use video and using an AI to be able to analyse it. And would barcodes even be a possibility? I don’t think so.
00:33:17
IV1	Because it's like unpractical or…?
P8_2	Yes, you can't barcode everything can you I suppose?
IV1	You can RFID but only stuff that has packaging I guess.
P8_2	Yes.
IV1	You can't RFID every banana.
P8_2	I mean RFID is quite cheap but that’s putting extra weight on everything I suppose. I'd say, I mean, yes… I'd say I would probably have the technology to get it 90%. I mean we've got the technology to have self-driving cars right now and be able to analyse all of that then I definitely think that we could do it. I suppose it would benefit the big supermarkets and all that as well because ideally what they want to know is trends, and if they're sitting there with this type of technology in every single person's house and can analyse what every person pretty much has at any given point they would just have this massive amount of data. It would save on waste and waste produce as well. Save the world. It would actually. It really would because I read something the other day about how much we waste in the UK and it's just phenomenal the amount that we waste.
IV1	Especially like I read that supermarkets have like 30% or something waste, just    like stuff that in the end they just have to ditch because [unclear]. 
00:34:38
P8_1	Yes, its nuts. You'd think they would have streamlined their systems a bit better.
P8_2	I mean if you had something like this you c could actually… Like you could reduce, you could definitely reduce by about 20% that number, change it to 10% of waste because they’ve got a better finger on the pulse of what the people are doing.
IV1	You mentioned separating costs? I didn’t really get the language.
P8_2	Because I mean a car has the technology to be able to analyse everything and then to drive, like analyse sign… You know, dangers, signs, what side of the road, what speed that they should be doing, you know exactly wherein a road they should be. And it can analyse all of this information using cameras and depth sensors and all that and radars. But yes, sensing a few pieces of fruit…
IV1	Okay, no. Any limitations from your side that you think?
P8_1	No, not beyond what he's mentioned I don’t think. Yes, it's just the space aspect.
IV1	Was there anything that you did to make the system work better? The questions are a bit repetitive, sorry. It's not much left.
00:36:01
P8_2	I think what we did was we changed the layout of our kitchen around a little bit.
IV1	Yes?
P8_1	Yes, the only thing I could say… Yes, changing the preferences.
IV1	I think you mentioned already but is there anything else how you would improve the system or change the system? Like you’ve already mentioned about the cameras and…
P8_1	Yes, I mean maybe having an easier to use App or something obviously. Yes, I don’t think anything else.
P8_2	Nice very visual things, sliders and stuff. That sort of thing.
P8_1	Yes, because when you press the button to change the order it's not sort of connected to the rest… Like theirs no easy way to get from there into like your preferences from the phone. That’s what I found anyway.
P8_2	And a proper phone App. I mean if there was a proper phone App I would be looking at it but yes, with it on the website I looked at it initially when we went in and I suppose it didn’t really grab me too much when we initially went in so it's like…
IV1	So you mentioned make it easier to use, what exactly do you mean, you know, your sliders or whatever…? And then getting to the…?

00:37:29
P8_1	Yes, that’s the only thing I found difficult was getting from order change into like the main part where my preferences were set.
IV1	Yes, I don’t think there is an option actually.
P8_1	Like I tried to change the url to get there but I don’t think that… Yes, that doesn’t seem like the right approach. And then one time, yes, when I did change the url it takes me to an nginx page.
IV1	Oh. Yes, I guess it depends when you only take the IOT and without the reorder then it's just like… There's nothing.
P8_1	I was what? Huh?
IV1	What did you like most about the system? What was the thing you liked most?
P8_1	Nothing.
P8_2	I liked the autonomy of it. I liked knowing that I'm not going to have to go in and waste a lot of my time specifically thinking how many items I wanted. I just go… I like it.
P8_1	Yes, I mean I would agree with that. Yes, again, I like the paper bags that it came in too. They came in these paper bags. They were quite handy.
IV1	Oh okay. Did you re-use them?
P8_1	They were recycling bags.
IV1	Oh. What do you use them for?
P8_1	Oh well we don’t have a recycling bin so we just use those paper bags. They were handy.
P8_2	Or we make chips.
P8_1	We make chips. Yes, it's quite cool having the autonomy, not having to think about it like he said. Yes.
IV1	What did you like least? What was the thing that you most disliked?
P8_2	The only thing I'll say again is space. If I've got to say something that’s my…
P8_1	Yes, I guess that is… Because it is quite nice having it all packed away into one bowl now. But that probably is. I don’t feel like the inconvenience of living a day without fruit because there's always Sunday which is generally not our smoothie making day. So I didn’t find that a problem. So yes, probably just space.
IV1	I have got one question before, did you use it in other ways than it was intended? Can you think of anything that you used in some other ways?
00:39:46
P8_1	No.
IV1	I found it very interesting that you said that you realised that he was home because you got the notification.
P8_1	Yes, I remember sending you a message like that now. Yes, I knew he was grabbing fruit out of the bowl. I don’t know how long it takes to send that message but… Yes. Oh, because you were working from home right.
P8_2	Yes, yes. I think you knew that I'd started dinner as well because I usually do dinner and the shakes at the same time. So when I went to do the shakes I think you knew that dinner was on its way as well.
IV1	Alright. Do you always do the same shakes by the way or do you like change it a bit?
P8_1	Oh pretty much the same, yes. Yes. With mild variation depending on whether we buy pears or apples or whatever but…
IV1	So you have a wide range of…? Like you have a lot of different fruits?
P8_1	Yeah, there's a lot of frozen fruit, well like frozen berries, and then yes, bananas, apples, pears, carrot. It's not too much variation beyond that though.
00:40:56
P8_2	No.
IV1	Would you continue to use the service? If it were possible I mean or any variation of it?
P8_1	Depending on how much it cost, yes. Because bananas when you go shopping are cheap. Yes, so it would depend on price but at the same time it is kind of inconvenient having to be home at a certain time when it's just for two items or just for one item. So for one item it's less appealing. 
IV1	Do you generally out and about then or is it…?
P8_1	Well, during the week... Yeah, during the week if fluctuates but at the moment we're not but yes, different times of the year there will be… I'll be out like four times a week, yes. Sports or… Not just boozing.
IV1	Not just beer.
P8_1	Occasionally that will happen. But yes. So it would have to be a significant order to be home for… To make it worth my while.
IV1	So more items I guess?
P8_2	Yes.

00:42:05
IV1	Were you aware of the monitoring at all? Like when you were living here that it's collecting data?
P8_1	No.
IV1	No. Interesting. Then last question, which additional data do you think would have been useful to be captured? I think we already talked about information but what do you think? I think you already mentioned I guess the cameras and stuff but is there anything else you think would be useful that the system could have collected about you that would have helped the system?
P8_1	I think it's probably repeating the same as what James said is like suggested, like you're getting through your bananas this fast, perhaps you should order sooner/ later/more/less. 
IV1	So that takes over the kind of…Yes.
P8_1	Yes, because it can see daily how much it's going down by right so… Yes, I think    that would be my only suggestion, your suggestion, I have appropriated.
00:43:08
IV1	One last question actually then we look at your data if you would like to look…
IV2	I have some….
IV1	Oh okay, so maybe…
IV2	You go first.
IV1	What was your interest in participating in this study? Do you remember?
P8_1	Well I mean partly it was I get free bananas, well free something for a month, but I knew you'd be interested in that in terms of like the automated house stuff which you love so…
IV1	Yes. Sure. Okay.
IV2	Okay, yes, I've just got two questions. I'm curious, it says to me that you are more involved in tracking the order and adjusting the preference and you are just taking the messages. So would you compare with what you did previously, like buying oranges and bananas, would it be the same that you're more kind of, how do you say, making decision and…
P8_1	No, no, because we normally… Like in the supermarket we will split up and he'll get stuff and I'll get stuff so… Yes.
P8_2	And sometimes I get the fruit and… In fact more often than not I get the fruit and veg and you get the other stuff. So we usually share that responsibility.

00:44:32
P8_1	I think it's because I initiated this this project it was my responsibility to take care of the…
IV2	Ah, I see. Okay, so then suppose that you will get a system like this, not a study, but you have a system…
P8_1	I think it would probably be him.
IV2	Why? 
P8_1	Because he likes the automation thing so it would be his baby I imagine.
IV2	Okay. So another thing that I was curious about, because you already had the cleaning robot and then you do this kind of stuff to make it easy for the cleaning stuff to do a better job and now I was curious that because you cannot, you know, already we hear about some of the limitations of the system and then you are kind of adjusting and everything and you're mentioning like your experience; up, down, reject in the beginning. So I think I was curious about how do you kind of describe your experience in a way working with this system? Like when you compare that like working with the dust cleaner you did something to make it work better.
00:45:45
P8_1	Do you mean the dusting?
P8_2	Yes.
IV2	Was there something that you can tell about how you work with this system and kind of help it work better?
P8_1	Yes, yes.
P8_2	I think didn’t we the one day…? I know it was either we did it or we might have done it or we were thinking about it, was the one week it was coming close to the end and we still had some bananas but weren’t too sure whether it was going to last so I don’t know if we did chop some up and put them in the fridge or… I almost think that I moved a couple out and chucked them into the main bowl just so that it would trigger earlier.
P8_1	Oh really?  
P8_2	I either thought it or I did it. Like it was… Or something along those lines. I know that was along the lines of when I was looking at being a little more sparing because the orders were… Our orders only came on Monday didn’t it?
P8_1	Hm.
P8_2	I think…
P2_1	Well that is how it worked out. I don’t think that’s…
00:46:54
IV1	Sorry, the what?
P8_1	Our order always turned up on Monday.
P8_2	The orders always came on Monday. I think that was a little bit of change at the beginning but…
P8_1	We cancelled a weekend order once or something?
P8_2	I don’t know.
P8_1	I don’t know. I think it was just…
P8_2	[Overtalking] So whether I did do that or thought about doing it that’s definitely something that would happen. I'd be like oh it’s a Thursday I'm not going to be able to get something till… You know, so I'd be able to look at it and go okay let me do a quick cheat here so that I can get something on the Friday rather than being… Especially if it’s a choice between moving couple of bananas and putting them over here, and the order triggering earlier so that I get a new order on Friday, than going onto the website and manually doing something. The easier option is just quickly cheat, chuck them over there and go okay…
P8_1	Well I remembered what you said and I did the adjustments on the website right away, but yes, that does make sense. It would have been easier just to move the bananas back into the bowl than…
00:47:57
P8_2	I mean that’s the way that we would learn how to work… Like it's what human machines learned to work together.
P8_1	Yeah, yeah, it’s the combination of that and actually going on and changing the settings. I think we would have eventually came to a perfect spot. 
P8_2	Yes.
P8_1	We were just about getting there but it finished. It's pretty much right. But yes, this is the only thing we really did to work with the system in a way that we do like with the cleaner.
IV2	Let me see. So just one last question for clarification. So you mention about you think you might have eaten healthier with the…?
P8_1	We might eat healthier in the future I think, yes.
IV2	Yes, because you are getting fresh orange and vegetable with… So I was curious was the…? You made a different variation of smoothie but by having this banana and orange like order automatically was there any changes about how you kind of made different variations?
P8_2	Not really, no.
00:49:09
IV2	Or how much you use? No?
P8_2	No, I mean all I can say is that I mean I've worked within my means a little bit knowing that I'm not going to be… Because before if we're running out of something either me or Summer [?] on our way home would kind of pick something up. Like I do a little shop once a… You know, when I discover…
P8_1	Even without the system I would sometimes adjust my smoothie making with keeping in mind what's left in the fruit bowl if I don’t want to go to the supermarket. Like because sometimes I just don't want to go to the supermarket after work on my way home, you know, it can add an extra 40 minutes on.
IV1	But with the system you wouldn’t use it because you wouldn’t like it to reorder or I don’t really understand. You said…
P8_1	I've lost my train of thought as well.
P8_2	You were saying you work within whatever your means are. Like kind of look at whatever there is and…
00:49:59
P8_1	Yeah, and the system didn’t affect the way I would make the smoothie basically.
IV1	And you didn’t eat more of this? It didn’t cost you more so you just…?
P8_2	We're relatively the same.
IV1	Interesting. Cool. Yes, we are just working out different patterns.
P8_2	Oh actually there's one pattern. We're quite often, if in a month we've had bananas, there's definitely at some point we would have frozen some bananas.
P8_1	Oh yes, we would normally buy a lot more.
IV1	A lot more? Oh, okay. I see.
P8_2	Yes, so we didn’t end up… I mean it's not all the time that we freeze bananas. I'd say in a month we'd probably have one or twice, we will chop up the remains because they're starting to get a little bit bleak and freezing, but here we didn’t do that at all.    
IV1	What does it depend on if you freeze them or not?
P8_2	How they're looking. So when they're starting to go a little bit soft then we take the leftovers and freeze them.
IV1	So I guess it kind of depends on when you buy them you don’t really know how long they last and then you buy too many as well.
P8_1	Well I mean I buy them with the intention of that happening because I like frozen bananas. They're nice in smoothies, like they’ll thicken it and stuff. So yes, people must think we're crazy because we come to the supermarket like with enough bananas to look like a five person family.
00:51:21
P8_2	Like a monkey troop.
IV1	Oh interesting. So that was really a kind of good sign that the system is a bit bad for you in the way that you can't freeze them then and you don’t have the possibility of having nice frozen bananas.
P8_1	Yes. I considered asking you to up the bananas but then I was like there's enough, we're getting enough, so it wasn’t, you know, how I'd normally probably purchase them myself, yes.
IV1	Right.
P8_1	In bulk.	
IV1	Okay, cool. So yes, I don’t know, have you seen your data on the consumption thing? You can quite nicely see actually how you used this. This is the other bananas here, if you go down, and I guess… I mean the nice thing about this, this is just like a ten minute average so there's only a data point for every ten minutes but yes, it's quite cool that you can totally see…
P8_2	Yes, it's awesome.
IV1	And I wonder was it often you didn’t have any bananas? No?
00:52:14
P8_2	Sundays we were… I mean I think it happened pretty much every Sunday, they were finished…
P8_1	Well, the last two because that's my most recent memories.
IV1	Okay. And then these are the… Oh it's green, oh yes, I guess they're almost the same because you kind of…. Although no this is a bit less than this.
P8_2	Yes, we were trying to keep the order for those two. I mean I don’t know if we spoke about it but I definitely wanted the two to come together at the same time. I was happy when they came together at the same time. I didn’t want them to come at separate times.
P8_1	Oh yes, they did send them at the same time, yes.
IV1	Why? Just…?
P8_2	Because then I've got to be around for it to come and also so two things always stuck out in mind. So being around for them and also the delivery charge for just a few oranges, or just a few bananas.
IV1	Cool. Okay, thank you. [Unclear]. Yes, I hope it was an interesting experience.
00:53:17
P8_2	Yes [unclear].
IV1	No you were great actually.
00:53:22



 
P9exit
Speaker Key:
P7f	Female Interviewee
IV1	First Interviewer
IV2	Second Interviewer
P7m	Male Interviewee
DA	Daughter

P7f	Like, you know, we talk about fridges of the future that are going to know when you’ve run out of milk and it’s a bit like that but we’re doing it with groceries; and so that’s how I’ve been describing it to people. And, yes, then telling about how when we run out of bread, I get a text message and then a courier delivers my bread to my door. And so, yes, it’s, I’ve been using the phrase, fridge of the future, because, I think, people, kind of, knew what that was about and that automated ordering and everything, so, yes. 
00:00:33
IV1	Yes, interesting. Can you tell us about your experience for the last four weeks?
P7f	On the whole, it hasn’t made a huge amount of difference to, kind of, our food buying or anything like that. It’s been, it’s been quite a novelty, quite an interesting thing having the bread and the Weetabix arriving, kind of, and things and we found the text message, we used the text message a lot more than we used the email, kind of, notifications. And on the whole, it worked quite comfortably and it fitted in with, sort of, routine. There was a couple of things about it, we just thought, oh, that’s just a, kind of, computer; computers need to learn how to do it better. And so there’s a couple of things, we just thought, oh, that’s just computers learning how to do things better, which I can flag up when it’s appropriate to do so. But on the whole, it was, yes…
IV2	And could you tell us about the few things that…?
P7f	The two things?
IV2	Yes. 
00:01:33
P7f	Okay, the first one was a confusion about wheat biscuits. So let me show you; it’s easier to just show you. So the wheat biscuits that… because we had a spare packet from before—I’ve got some there—okay, so those are the wheat biscuits that we did the study with but when wheat biscuits arrived, they were little wheat biscuits for eating with cheese and so they’re called wheat biscuits and so the computer wouldn’t have known any different. So, we’ve enjoyed those but they haven’t been the breakfast cereal, kind of thing. So they haven’t replaced like with like and, I think, that’s obviously just computers learning exactly what’s needed. And, I guess, that’s when brands, kind of, come into it but, obviously, with a brand, you’d never get those kind of mistakes. But that’s, that was one kind of thing just to flag up. So we’ve enjoyed, we’ve enjoyed our wheat biscuits but they were, they were different to the ones that we were going to eat. And the other one was a… I noticed, with the bread orders that sometimes there was quite a gap, not very often but sometimes. And the last one we did this week—I’ve pulled up the email—we ran out on 30th October, which was a Sunday or Monday night? Sunday night…
IV2	It was Monday, I think.
00:03:02
P7f	Monday, right, and it could only deliver on Thursday night. And so we ran out on Monday morning and it was Thursday night was the earliest delivery, which, for bread for us was too late and so I went onto the system and because the order, I could change the slot, I thought, I know what I’ll do; I will keep that slot, order that one for Friday for the weekend and then do another manual order because when I went to manual orders, there was an available bread with a one-day delivery. So I thought, okay, that’s what I’ll do; I’ll push that Thursday to a Friday and I’ll get a manual order for earlier in the week. 
	Now, I got a confirmation email, saying that the granary bread order had been placed, that we’ll be in touch shortly to confirm delivery but nothing else happened with that Monday order. And by the time I got to Wednesday, I was going, well, hang on, that was meant to be arriving yesterday and then it was, and then I just thought, oh, blow it; we’ll manage until then. So that was just one thing that, obviously, you can’t double, or it looks as though you can’t double order properly at the moment. So that was just two things just to flag up; we just felt, oh, gosh, computer didn’t cope as well as it should have done with those two. 
IV1	Yes, interesting. 
P7f	But, no, apart from that, those are the only two things during the four weeks that happened that were, kind of—oh… that didn’t work. The rest of it, I thought, worked just as I expected it to; everything arrived as it should. Text messages came as they should. You know, everything was as I expected it to be. 
IV1	You mentioned that you liked more, you were more interested in the text message than the email. Do you know why?
00:04:47
P7f	I think, because it’s such a direct little, kind of, message just confirming things, a call to immediate action, I think, that’s how I used text messages more than my emails and, I think, partly because, for my own, kind of, phone usage and so many things going on, I’ve turned off alerts for things like, I think, do I get email alerts? I possibly do get email alerts but my text messages are the immediate thing and then a couple of times a day, I will log into emails to have a look what’s there but by the time I was doing that, I was, kind of—yes, I know that; I’ve had the text message—and so they were just, kind of—psh, psh, psh—delete those. So I wouldn’t, I wasn’t using those as much. 
IV1	Mm-hmm, okay. Yes, a couple of questions actually, you already answered with what do you think about the orders. How did this autonomy level work for you? Do you remember the autonomy level, yes?
P7f	Mm-hmm, yes. I found it fine, actually. The only thing that I would fault was the fact that on the ordering thing when it would say, we’re going to deliver some bread to you on Thursday and then you, kind of, then looked at the manual orders and you’re, kind of, well, if I’d gone on manually, I could get it earlier. And that there, that seemed to be just a, kind of, a frustrating anomaly that you’re, kind of, well, if the computer hadn’t chosen then I could have chosen a more convenient one then. And so if there was, if there was no difference between what the manual ordering was showing me and what the computer was showing me then that would be the only thing, I would say. 
00:06:22
IV2	So would you like to have some kind of option to, how do you say, edit the order, so…?
P7f	Yes, and I could change the delivery slot and for me, because I was so specific on sliced granary, that was the option and so, but, I think, it would be good, I can imagine a situation where it would be good to be able to say, actually, you know what, I have run out but I don’t want any more and to be able to cancel the order; or to be able to say, actually, let’s have white bread and change, and so within that hour time slot, to say, you know what, let me go back and have a quick, sort of, evaluation of what I want. And so that’s, I can imagine that would be useful in, if it was a longer-term thing really than just couple of weeks.
IV1	Yes, actually, in the future, maybe you should make it a bit more clear because you can, in, I mean, it’s, when you use, when you choose medium in the autonomy level, then you get, basically, the suggestion for an order; so, basically, and then you can change it within an hour. So you would get a text message that brings you to this…
P7f	That sounds…
IV1	And then you could change it. But, yes, I think, it’s a bit like we experienced with other participants; it’s a bit unclear, like, what does what mean and then when you think about, oh, I want to change this and then you go to website, it’s, kind of, not really clear where you can change the [overtalking].
00:07:41
P7f	Because it is nice, especially on something like bread where you know you want the same thing, to not have to do anything about it. 
IV1	Okay, sure, yes.	
P7f	It’s really, that was really nice but when you, when you want to be able to change it… you, kind of, want the best of both, to be honest with you; you want to be able to change it when you want to but it is really nice just to not have to—yes, that’s definitely what I want; thank you very much for asking. I’m going to press this button now and do that. The fact it was done for you without having to do those was attractive, so…
IV1	Maybe it would better then if you could set everything, like set all this type of bread for this day when I run out and then if it doesn’t happen, then it asks you, maybe, that, right, would be something, just that in, like, if it doesn’t… but because here, you chose either to ask it before or will never ask you; it doesn’t really let you set, right? So…
P7f	Yes. So, yes, to say, this is what’s going to happen and we’ll assume, you know, assume you want your sliced granary on Thursday night at six o’clock unless we hear from you but if we do hear from you, you can change your bread, your delivery slot or whether it arrives at all, would be helpful. 
00:08:55
IV1	Mm-hmm, interesting. Have you ever cancelled, you did never cancel an order, right?
P7f	No. 
IV1	No, so did you never change the preferences, did you? Do you remember?
P7f	I think, did I change price? I think, I changed price over what I wanted one time because it was, at one point, trying to deliver not sliced… I think, I changed the preferences. Now, whether I did that when you guys were still here… but during the study, I didn’t need to. Now, I, in hindsight, I should have got on and tried to play with the wheat biscuits one but actually, because we were enjoying those ones and we thought, you know, we’ll, well, why don’t we…? In the end, we didn’t get through them all but I never got round to doing that. That would have been an interesting one to try and play with. The problem was, from that list, because when that one came up… did we…? Because I remember looking at that list and saying, oh, yes, the whole-wheat biscuits with, was it with nuts or something, I thought that sounded vaguely like cereal and then, obviously, it wasn’t. So I must have looked at that list at some point. 
IV1	Yes, so, basically, we locked the lists that were made by the system. And I looked at it today and it’s actually quite funny, so you can see here [unclear] wheat biscuits—oh, no, wait. This was when it wasn’t already [unclear] here. So, basically, on 12th, you looked at it and the fruit with wheat biscuits; well, first they were not available but the second fruit with, fruit that are the ones that you usually have, right, I think, wasn’t it?
00:10:40
P7f	We’ve never had fruit ones before. This is the strange thing. 
IV1 	So maybe we set it up wrong because… where was the website? Here it says, type fruit. Maybe we set up the preferences wrong. We need to check because we, this is what we set up at the start of the study and we thought, maybe that was wrong. That’s why it said, the fruit wheat biscuits are true and every day at the beginning of the day, it, kind of, randomises what is available and what not and then on the next day, on 13th, the first two were actually not available. That’s why you’ve got the nut one. This was the same; it’s just that if it’s available or not, it’s the last one and that changes every day.
P7f	Oh, interesting. Mm-hmm. 
IV1	And then, so that’s why in the morning, it wasn’t, like, showing. It was funny because I looked at this today and I thought, oh, yes, it looks like you looked at it in the evening and it looks like it’s there so…
IV2	But I’m just curious though: you have just one delivery for the wheat biscuits or…?
P7f	Yes. 
00:11:36
IV2	I see. 
P7f	And, I think, we probably would have had more if it was a breakfast cereal but because it was for biscuits for cheese, we were, kind of, getting through it more slowly than we would have done the breakfast cereal. So, yes, just one delivery for that. 
IV2	So if you were getting another one then you would have been, like, changed it?
P7f	Mm-hmm, we would have gone in and looked at the preferences and seen what would have arrived that would have more, sort of, sensible really. 
IV2	So you preferred to, it to be the same kind?
P7f	That’s an interesting question. I don't know what I would have done and I don't think either would be indicative of my usual grocery behaviour because I would have either have said, let’s stick with the biscuits for cheese because they’re quite nice or played with it because that wasn’t what we wanted. The fruit wheat biscuits don’t sound quite what we’re after either and nothing on the list sounded quite like the breakfast cereal. 
IV1 	Because it didn’t say breakfast, yes. 
P7f	And so, nothing on the list, kind of, made me think, oh, that’s what we’re after and, I think, that’s partly just because it’s, there’s not many products, I think, you’d probably find that are so general in their description that they cover savoury biscuits, sweet biscuits, breakfast cereals. And so that’s such a wide range of things that you could possibly have chosen on that. So, you know, if we’d gone for pasta or oats or anything like that, you wouldn’t have had that problem and, I think, that was…
00:13:09
IV2	Yes. So, actually, for the system there maybe you’re thinking about having, the system having a certain flexibility because they are in a certain market so, like you say, there might not be many kinds or there might be different people wanting different things. So there might be a flexibility for the system to, like, kind of, decide what substitute for your preference. So, for, in that sense, what are you thinking? What do you, what’s your thought about the agent having, kind of, this kind of, like, room for flexibility?
P7f	I think, at some point in the system, there needs to be a defining, kind of, either, kind of, a field of, you know, savoury biscuits, whole-wheat biscuits or breakfast cereals, whole-wheat biscuits and that would have solved the problem, probably. The only other thought would be branded kind of things because that would, that would very easily have shown what was what, in terms of the brand. I’m just trying to think, when we order on Tesco Online, obviously, you go through browsing paths and you go through and you see, so even if you bounced me straight into whole-wheat biscuits on the Tesco type, I’d be able to see a browsing path or at least know that I’m in the Food Cupboard section in the Family Cereals and then I would know that I’m in the right whole-wheat biscuits. 
00:14:36
	And so, I think, part of it is down to that kind of, yes, almost that, sort of, journey down a browsing path, which whether that will come as the system develops or what have you, I don't know. But, there’s the, that’s the kind of thing because, obviously, with Tesco, when you go down a path, if there’s no whole-wheat biscuits in the family cereals, I wouldn’t be then looking for, well, what other whole-wheat biscuits can I find? I’d be looking, what other cereals are there. And so, instead of there being, you know, no availability for wheat biscuits, I’d be saying, well, have you got cornflakes? Have you got…? And so, I’d want to be in that area. I wouldn’t want to be looking at alternative wheat biscuits; I’d want alternative cereals. So, I think, that’s, that would be an interesting area to develop really is where your substitutes are, I guess, intelligently picked because of the family they sit in, rather than the word definition of what their title is. 
IV2	Interesting. 
IV1	It’s quite an interesting challenge. We haven’t thought about it at all. 
P7f	Good luck with that one. 
IV1	Yes, totally. And when you received the text or the email, what information was important to you in the, in the message?
00:15:52
P7f	The fact I was getting sliced granary; it was the fact that the order was going to be right and the dates and time. I think, only one delivery were we not here for and actually it worked fine; it being left in a safe place was fine but for me, knowing when that delivery was coming was important, so those two things were the, were the things. And it was useful actually because I’m on a smartphone; the link to go and change it or to go and look at it was within that text message, so it was really easy just to link from the text message to the site and there and then change the preference if I needed to. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. Okay, interesting. Did you pay attention to the depot or where, the information about where it came from? You didn’t, no?
P7f	No, not at all. 
IV1	No, it doesn’t really matter, right?
P7f	Not interested, no. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. What other information would have been useful for you?
P7f	I don't think I could tell you whether the price of the item was on that text message at all because it wasn’t, we weren’t price sensitive as one of our two preferences so it wasn’t something that really was important to us on that. I can imagine, if you were price sensitive, it would be useful to have that so you knew exactly what you were getting and there was no nasty surprise that because you got the next-day delivery, you were paying £7 instead of £3, which, when reality kicks in, that’s going to be quite a difference, isn’t it? And so, if you double a price and don’t tell a consumer, that’s, obviously, going to be quite…
00:17:32
IV1	Yes, so more transparent around the price, I guess. How often did you visit the website? Remember, over the last four weeks?
P7f	We visited it a couple of times earlier in the study a bit more. We were away for a bit of half term. Half term was a bit of a crazy week so we didn’t go on it at all the week before last really. There wasn’t really a need to. Because we were on the high-automated thing and because things were coming mainly, on the whole, as we needed them or, kind of, yes, that’ll do, that’s fine, there wasn’t really a particular need to, is what I would say on that. Yes, so not a huge amount. 
P7m	Did you want it on?
IV1	And when you visited the site, why did you go on it?
P7f	I think, it was mainly to look at the options available for changing a delivery slot, from memory. There was a couple of times earlier on in the study where we were doing it to show our friends what we were doing, so that won’t, that won’t help your study at all because we were just playing on the site to show them what it did, so, and showing their kids and things like that. So the first week or so, we were on it to show people what we were doing and how it was working. 
P7m	Shh! Don’t tell Mummy. 
P7f	Not sure what that was about. Yes, so why did we visit the site, Andrew? Anything else, was it?
00:19:03
P7m	Just to change, to see what options there were on the different types of bread. If one was available, I feel as though we’d look and see what else was there, wouldn’t we? [Overtalking] options, that was probably the only thing we… oh, and to check the weight of how we were doing; sometimes we would check and see how, are we near the 100 g, therefore, is it going to be ordered soon? Because we were like, oh, we’re getting quite low; it’s going to…
IV1	Oh, interesting. Did you, did that work? Did you get the information you needed on that?
P7m	Yes.
P7f	I would say, yes. 
IV1	Yes, and we wondered if you could tell us, as well, maybe some, about your experience of, like, how have your last four weeks been?
P7m	There’s been, generally, the bread has worked really well. I don't think… I think, there was only once we were like, oh, we shouldn’t order any bread. We shouldn’t buy our own bread because there was something… was there one bread when we were…?
P7f	Oh, yes, well, you were saying…
00:19:49
P7m	We run short? But we didn’t, but I don't think we ended up, did buy, don’t think we ended up buying any bread but generally it worked. I think, it was probably a longer delivery time than we expected. I think, it was about three days, a couple of time. 
IV2	Yes, that was, yes, I think, she already mentioned about that. 
P7m	But apart from that, it worked well. The delivery came when it was ordered. The bread was fresh; it was nice bread. The system didn’t… seemed to work, in terms of the weighing system; it was all good and smooth. 
IV1	When you used the website, did you use it on your phone or on your laptop? Do you remember?
P7m	[Unclear] here, wasn’t it with my main, my PC?
IV1	Oh, so not really when you’re out and about? Always just here?
P7m	No, because…
P7f	I used my phone a few times. 
P7m	Oh, did you? Okay, but it wasn’t really out and about, I guess, because we wouldn’t… usually, it was an alert because we’d just taken bread out of the bin, therefore, at home it says, oh, you’re now going to be reordered because you’ve gone below the weight. So we would tend to be at home when that happened, therefore, we didn’t use it much when we were out and about. I didn’t use it much. 
00:20:54
IV1	Yes. Have your food shopping or food consumption practices changed?
P7m	No, I don't think so. 
DA	How many questions is there?
P7m	Lots and lots. 
IV1	Nine. No, ten—no, wait… yes, we are halfway through. 
P7f	I don't think so. I mean, we had a little bit of a dip; because of half term, we weren’t here. 
P7m	Oh, yes, for three days. 
P7f	During the study. Apart from that, it’s been mainly fairly standard, kind of, what we’ve been doing. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. So your daily practices, regarding food and shopping didn’t really change? It was just something that was in the background, you said, yes?
00:21:44
P7m	I mean, the shopping changed because we didn’t bread on Tesco but nothing else really changed.
P7f	No.
IV1	Okay, interesting, yes. Could you imagine that such a system could help you to be more sustainable?
P7f	Us be more sustainable or the system?
P7m	As in, yes, because we wouldn’t waste as much bread because it would come when we needed it rather than, oh, we’ve got a Tesco delivery; we need to get some bread at some point in the next three days. Let’s buy some now. By the time you get, when you actually need the bread, it’s three days older and it’s not as fresh and so you, it’s not… and by the time you get to the end of that, the next loaf of bread, it may have gone off and you may not be able to use it. So, yes, from that point of view, [overtalking]. 
IV1	Yes, exactly. Interesting, yes. 
P7f	Although, I would have thought the carbon footprint on having individual deliveries for groceries would be a concern. 
P7m	But, I guess, the trial, it’s a trial for two products; it wouldn’t be individual products if this was…
P7f	But then if you’re running out of bread on a Thursday and pasta on a Tuesday and you’re running out of oats on a, you know, Monday then you’d be getting your things… unless there was a way of grouping them together…
00:22:48
IV1	Mm-hmm, with the neighbourhood, I guess.
P7f	To save on the delivery or something, it would then be, but then… so that would be the only, kind of, concern on…
IV1	Mm-hmm. I guess, idea would be that there would be something, like, everybody would be subscribed to it in the neighbourhood and then, I think, it would make a lot of sense that it’s a car or truck coming here anyway. I guess, that’s, like, the only thing we are…
P7f	Yes. We already have a group of friends, actually, who are in a toilet roll buying consortium. Is it a consortium or collaborative?
P7m	I don't know what they call it but it’s, basically, it’s, they only do bulk delivery of big packs.
P7f	50 rolls. 
P7m	But what’s the, where’s the toilet roll coming from? Is…?
IV1	How does that work?
00:23:23
P7m	Yes, where’s it coming…? Is there, there’s something about it that’s supposed to be unique and, in terms of it’s recycled [unclear] it’s been recycled from or something. 
P7f	I don't know.
P7m	And, I think, it makes it good value if you buy a pack of 50 and so they then distribute it among friends. I think, it’s a Facebook group or…
IV1	And it’s here in just this street or something?
P7m	No, in Acton. 
P7f	It’s from our local church and so it’s within walking distance of each other, so within Acton. 
IV1	But they don’t do other stuff? Only toilet paper?
P7f	No, only loo roll at the moment. 
IV1	Oh, okay, that’s interesting because group buying is, kind of, a thing, right, that you get a group, like, group-buy rice or something like that, I don't know.
DA	What time is it?
P7m	It’s bedtime. 
P7f	Bed time. 
00:24:00
P7m	Do you want to go to bed?
DA	No. 
P7m	I think [overtalking].
DA	No. What time on the clock?
P7m	7:33.
P7f	Time to go to bed. 
DA	Bedtime. 
P7f	Bedtime. 
DA	Yay. 
P7m	Carry on, Dana. 
IV1	Were you keeping an eye on the budget?
P7m	No, I don't think we were because, I think, we knew that there was almost no chance of us go, running out of the £100, given how much we were spending on bread and the wheat biscuits, so, no, we weren’t. 
P7f	I think, also because the prices were slightly inflated from a normal loaf of bread, it didn’t feel particularly like real money almost because, I mean, there’s no way that I would order a loaf of bread at £6 or what have you and not bat an eyelid in normal circumstances. 
00:24:43
	So, and, obviously, because you’re paying couriers and things, I was, kind of—this is part of the study; this is, there’s no point in thinking about this as normal market value.
P7m	But would we pay £6 for a couriered loaf of bread? No, because in London, you’ve got a shop within five minutes’ walk in most places and so you’d pop out, you know, just for a loaf of bread. 
IV1	Yes. Was there any time that the system did not work as you expected?
P7m	No, the system worked; I don't think it stopped working at all. Only, I mean, I didn’t check it every day but whenever I did, it was weighing and it ordered when we needed. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. What are benefits for you having this system? What do you think?
P7m	Of the last four weeks or if we had it generally all the time?
IV1	Generally. Actually, both maybe. 
P7m	I would say, the convenience of having bread when you needed it and particularly the, having a delivery slot that was short—it wasn’t nine until one; I think, it was a particular hour slot—during the study. And, I guess, ongoing, it would be, how would it work, as Ruth was just saying, with the, you’d run out of bread on the Tuesday, milk on the Thursday, eggs on the Friday and how do you manage that? You don’t want a delivery coming for just one item in Acton. You’d have to be a much bigger group for it to, co-buying, for it to make it financially viable. 
00:26:07
IV1	Mm-hmm. Yes, you just mentioned limitations but are there any other limitations that you can think about?
P7m	I guess, how, the limitation of not being able to deal with fresh food because that’s the food that we buy; at least 50% of our money probably goes on fresh or frozen and so it would have to be adapted to be able to cope in minus 20 degrees centigrade in order, if it was doing the frozen idea. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. You mean tracking frozen stuff?
P7m	Pardon?
IV1	What do you mean by, so the sensors, you mean, or…?
P7m	Oh, as in the sensors. 
IV1	Oh, okay, yes. Mm-hmm
00:26:51
P7m	In terms of tracking, I don't think that would be an issue. I think, there’s quite easy ways of delivering. Well, at least there’s easy ways of delivering fresh stuff like HelloFresh and Gusto do it and then you leave it all day because they’ve put it in an insulated container with an icepack. So it’s more the, I guess, the frozen and the weighing ability, which is where, I guess, the smart fridge comes in where you finish something, you scan the barcode, you put the empty packet in the, in the bin and then it’s added to your delivery. But what that doesn’t solve is the issue where you then run out of orange juice or milk and it’s, obviously, not going to be instant reorder. 
IV1	Yes, so doesn’t, it’s only telling you when you completely run out, then you can order. 
P7m	Yes, which is the issue with that, the problem with that, essentially. 
IV1	Is there a solution to that? I guess, when you…?
P7m	Only if you’re very, very on it, in terms of you know what, how much you need and when you need it or you’re so regular in how much you use that you know on a, every four days you need a litre of orange juice; every three days you need a litre of milk; every five days you need a loaf of bread and it’s, and it’s exact. But there’s very few families that will be exact in their consumption of all those products, I think, or individuals; it doesn’t, not necessarily families. 
IV1	Yes, I agree because… did you use the system in other ways than intended, do you remember?
P7m	No. 
IV1	What would you change about the system? How could it be improved, you know?
00:28:15
P7m	The ability to use it on fresh because, I think, we would have chosen a product we use more regularly than the Weetabix for the trial. Sorry, repeat the question again; what would I change?
IV1	What, yes, what, yes, what would you change or what would you improve?
P7m	That’s probably it. I think, we would have, at the beginning, we would have changed the weights. I think, Weetabix, we put the weight too low so, I think, because of the packaging, we didn’t include and we would have had to have gone down to one biscuit left for it to then reorder, I think, which is a bit too low and the bread wasn’t like that because, I guess, the packaging of bread is so light. I think, we hadn’t factored that into our minimum or reorder weight. 
IV1	Then trigger [overtalking].
P7m	When we needed the Weetabix.
IV2	I think, it was 100 g for…
P7m	Yes, which, I think, actually only went down to one or two Weetabix, which wouldn’t, if more than one person in the family wanted Weetabix, the next morning, we wouldn’t have had enough. So that was just our own estimate; it wasn’t an error in your trial, yes. 
00:29:20
IV1	What do you think of the devices themselves? Were they practical? The scales, was it okay?
P7m	Yes. 
IV1	Were not too disruptive?
P7m	Not at all. 
P7f	No, fine. Absolutely fine. 
P7m	Didn’t even notice. 
IV1	Yes, was a bit wobbly on [overtalking], was it?
P7m	A little bit. 
P7f	Yes, the, just occasionally but you just, kind of, actually, as long as we didn’t break it, we just, kind of… yes, so, occasionally, it wobbled but then you just, sort of, set it right when you put the lid back on and it’s, it was fine. 
IV1	And so what did you like most about the system when you think about the whole experience in the last four weeks?
P7m	You didn’t have to, you weren’t prompted… you were prompted that your bread was being reordered; we didn’t have to be proactive about it. It would do it for you. Yes, you could change it but it already, had already emailed you, saying, here’s a reorder; what would you like? Rather than you having to go onto a website proactively and say, oh, I need some more bread. That’s probably the thing I like the most. 
00:30:11
P7f	Yes, I think, I’d agree. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. Something that [overtalking]?
P7m	And also if you were doing it regularly, you’d get the weights exactly as you wanted them and you could chop and change and you’d get used to it and it would be, work.
IV1	What do you mean, exactly, how you want to…?
P7m	So the weight, as in how many grams left before it reordered. So if you knew, actually, it needed to be 150 g, not 100, then you’d play around with it, I think, if we did it longer term. 
P7f	Yes, [overtalking]
IV1	It’s crazy how four weeks fly, isn’t it?
P7f	I know. 
00:30:38
IV1	So, already sitting here again. What did you most dislike about the service—about the system, I mean?
P7m	It seemed to be quite a long wait for the bread. I don't know whether that’s because we chose wholemeal bread and, I think, as a, if I was a customer, the price, the £6 versus, I think, there were options but they weren’t available, of having it £3?
P7f	Mm-hmm. 
P7m	And so that, probably, if I was paying, I would have been more disappointed in that but because we weren’t then it wasn’t so much of an issue. 
IV1	Yes. I think, when you can see things that should have been available that weren’t available, that was a bit, kind of… look at all the things you could have had. 
P7m	And it’s probably the, one of the things, which is, we find so good about Tesco using their online shopping is that probably only one in four or one in five deliveries do we ever get any substitutions. Usually, they’re pretty good at what they choose in substitution so you’re almost guaranteed to get what you’ve ordered, which is one of the most important things. You don’t want to have to pop out to the shop for one thing that hasn’t come. 
P7f	Yes, and, I think, that, being able to tweak the order with Tesco is very good, that you can, up until quarter to midnight the day before, change what you want, your ordering, which is, obviously, it is good. 
00:32:00
IV1	Yes, and also some other thing: so the way we did it is that there were always, I think, randomly, two things not available and then for every fourth order, your top one wasn’t available because, actually, in the four weeks, it’s very little time frame to do a study so we wanted a few more disruptions. But, I guess, when you look at it, it looks…
P7m	Ah, so you made them not available?
IV1	Yes. So, I guess, it looks very, like, well, it might have been a bit too much for you. Like, we didn’t thought… it’s very interesting to hear afterwards because when you do it, just think, oh, yes, we’ll be fine or whatever but then when you talk to people, actually you realise it has quite a strong effect, right, this little [?] thing. 
P7m	Yes, that, if it was a paid-for service, I would be disappointed to have had that. I mean, obviously, it was something you planned. I didn’t realise that so that makes more sense now. 
IV1	Mm-hmm, yes. Would you continue to use the service like this?
P7f	Hmm…
P7m	For individual item order/reordering, it would be dependent on two things: availability and price. So if the price was similar to what you’re paying or if you know you’re paying a little bit of a premium but getting a premium fresh product then we might consider a bit more of a premium but not £6 for a loaf of bread. 
00:33:14
	And the, if the availability was there, so if we knew that for £2, we could get any loaf of bread, a white or a brown or a wholemeal within, you know, 24–48 hours then we might. I think, availability and price is probably the two things that would limit it at the prices they were on the study. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. So, in general, like, the measuring of the weight and so forth, you, if you think if you were to…?
P7m	The system itself, yes; good operating [?].
P7f	Yes.
IV1	And so you could measure everything and then integrate with Tesco?
P7f	Yes, and, I think, we didn’t use it as such but you can imagine, potentially, using the, kind of, coming back for a weekend and that—is there milk in the fridge? Was there milk in the fridge when we left? Or was there bread in the bread bin when we left? Can you remember what we’ve got? We need to stop at the garage on the way home to be able to check your phone and say, actually, there’s 375 g of bread in the bread bin. It’s, I can imagine getting into a mindset where you check that kind of thing.
P7m	Fridges probably are ten or 20 years away from being able to detect every single item in there, what’s included and how much it weighs or how much they can scan it and then they will do that automatically. But I imagine that’s quite a few years away just yet. 
00:34:31
P7f	But in terms of the using that, I can imagine getting into that mindset of remotely checking and, the site, to say, okay, yes, there’s enough bread for sandwiches tomorrow; we won’t bother to stop off and get any more or anything like that. I wouldn’t, I can’t ever imagine us using it—obviously, for this we’ve been… we haven’t been buying bread anywhere else, in terms of the sliced bread—I can’t imagine, in a situation where we’d be so, kind of, rigid that, I think, there’s a flexibility that you see an offer in the supermarket, you buy that and then you, kind of, tone down what you’ve been using—I understood it. So, I think, we’d use it differently if we were doing it for real, in that respect. 
IV1	And what do you mean by using it differently? Can you explain?
P7f	Just in terms of…
P7m	If we wanted to have bagels instead of bread for one weekend, we would pause the delivery in order to have bagels because we knew we wouldn’t need bread from Saturday or Sunday or something. 
IV1	Mm-hmm, for more flexibility.
00:35:32	
P7f	In order to make sure that there was, kind of, the bread was running down and then we were getting deliveries in the four weeks, we were, we were more limited in how we were, kind of, eating bread, I guess, or that kind of thing. I think, it could be fair to say, yes. 

IV1	Mm-hmm, interesting. Which additional data do you think would have been useful to be captured by this system? Or do you think, is there any data you think, can think of?
P7f	The only thing that, it’s not relevant for us but might be on things like bread, is just allergens, that, making sure that when you’ve got, you know, if you’ve got a bread that contains certain seeds or nuts then for some people, that might be really important for them to have that information and you were really good at cutting it out and putting it on but, I guess, there might be some customers who would get that ago, oh, no, what are we going to do with that? Which, that, so, and, I guess, so if you could record your allergies or things that you… at the beginning of your preferences, if there was something significant you thought might crop up, then that might be an interesting thing to add. 
IV1	Mm-hmm, definitely. That’s actually a good point, especially for substitutions when you get something substituted. 
P7f	Yes, so just to, kind of, [unclear] put, sort of, says, you know, no celery, no… or it’s all the, sort of, hidden things like, yes, that might…
00:37:01
IV2	So, how did you feel about getting the product that, like, we moved the bread…?
IV1	Oh, yes, the unpackaged, actually, repackaged, yes; was it okay or…?
P7f	The bread bag was much more, kind of, saggy and roomy. That felt, it meant that the loaf didn’t keep its shape in the same way as a normal loaf of bread would. So that was a bit inconvenient but, and so, again, if I was a paying customer and I… there was once maybe or twice, I actually recognised the label that had been cut out and I was like, oh, this is Hovis. So I knew it had been cut out from a Hovis loaf but, obviously, that it was in a baggy bag meant that it didn’t keep its shape in quite the way it would have done usually and that was a bit frustrating but you’re, kind of, in the spirit of what we’re doing for this study, didn’t mind. It’s, I think, again, as a paying consumer, it might be the kind of thing that just makes me a little bit, kind of—err—about it. 
P7m	Was it Hovis?
IV1	Yes, definitely. Yes. 
P7f	So there’s a couple of times where, you know, you get the bread out of the bread bin and it’s, kind of, it’s not in a nice ordered row anymore and it’s just, kind of…
IV1	Mm-hmm, just a bit squashed or something. 
00:38:18
P7f	So, yes, but it was a, it was a minor thing, that was, yes. 
IV1	Mm-hmm. Any, did you think about the measuring, about the tracking at all? Did you, like, was it something you were aware of?
P7f	In terms of the weight going down? Yes. 
IV1	No, just like the, I mean, that there’s a centre in your own kitchen that’s, like, never [unclear]?
P7m	No. 
P7f	No, didn’t really occur to us; didn’t bother us. There was, we had…
P7m	We’re not particularly… I know a lot of people think, you know, Big Brother and watching us and really paranoid about it; we’re not at all like that. I’m particularly not like that and I don’t…
P7f	When it comes to our bread usage, I’m not too worried. 
P7m	Well, not just even bread use; just generally, I think, there’s an unusual paranoia in the UK about Big Brother. I, doesn’t really apply to me particularly, so it doesn’t bother me at all. 
P7f	Yes, and, I think, in terms of the equipment, you get used to it; things like the cleaner got used to not cleaning the bread bin area in quite the same way as she usually did, that kind of thing. And so, you very easily got used to using it, yes. 
00:39:27
IV1	Mm-hmm. Do you have any more questions?
IV2	Yes. So I was going to actually, wanted to ask questions. So it looks like both of you are quite aware of the, what’s, like, going on with the, when the bread is getting delivered and everything. So I was curious, was it like that with other products too, like, both of you? Or you are paying, and you think you are paying more attention to these items than others?
P7f	Good question. I think, we were more, because it was a novelty so when you’re, kind of—there’s going to be bread delivered by motorbike so, of course, we tell each other that that was… or, you know—oh, we’re going to have to wait until Wednesday before the bread’s here. And so there was an awareness that Andrew wouldn’t usually have to those kind of bits and pieces. And so, probably more aware than usual and more aware than other groceries but as a couple, we share the grocery shopping quite often and most orders, both of us will go on and add. I will usually do most of the ordering but Andrew will usually do some kind of reviewing and say, actually, I quite fancy this, this week or that this week. So, yes, he’s usually involved and it’s usually a joint, kind of, planning meal, sort of, planning—okay, right, with this here, we’ll have this on this day and that kind of thing. But, yes, in terms of the tracking, I think, the novelty of it was more, kept Andrew involved than the practicalities of, kind of, the every day and so, if we were doing this full time, long term for real, I think, it would be more me that would be interested. Although, having said that, it’s really techy and up Andrew’s street so he might be really interested. But, yes, but interesting to ask him the same question, but I would say, yes, it was the novelty of the study more than the practical, kind of, bread measuring, yes. 
00:41:40
IV2	So, one just quick question: so I remember that you usually did shopping once a week for the, kind of, large amount and then you sometimes just, kind of, buy stuff on the way. So, and, I think, I believe, it was usually you, often buy things from on the way for bread and fresh stuff. So I was curious, with the product test for, like, weeks, how has that pattern changed, you know, if it was…?
P7f	Mm-hmm. I’ve been deliberately not buying bread and just having to stop doing that and, I think, there was only one or two days within the study where the bread order was just that, kind of…
IV2	Delayed [?].
P7f	24 hours later than we would have usually waited, where there was no bread in the house. And, you know, that’s not the end of the world; we were absolutely fine with that. It was, you know, that, so it wasn’t enough for me to, kind of, say, right, I’m going out to buy bread. It was just…
IV1	There was just about…
P7f	There was one or two breakfasts where there wasn’t enough bread and so, I think, it only happened once or maybe twice during it. It was very rare that we got to the stage there was nothing. So, that’s pretty much the only way it changed. Obviously, I’ve been shopping locally for all the other bits and pieces that we usually do. But very conscious that I’ve not bought a single, I’ve not bought a single sliced granary loaf. And so that’s where it’s been slightly different to, sort of, usual. 
00:43:26
IV2	I will ask you just one, like, speculative question: So when you think about, in terms of the shopping that you are doing regularly once a week and thinking about that you will do, have a system that will order things based on the, how are you consuming when you, kind of… because you had a little bit, a sense of how it would work, based on these two items, how would you think that, like, how these two different ways of shopping would work for you? It’s just speculation but just curious.
P7f	Yes. I think, the idea of being told—things are running low, placed an order, are you all with that?—I can see us enjoying that pattern but I don't think we’d ever want the complete inflexibility of that being the only way we shop. And also, that kind of, that flexibility to say, actually, you know what, we all fancy white bread or, you know, we’re going to stop eating these for a while; we’re going to do this instead and having that flexibility of saying, actually, we’re going to all eat bagels for three weeks or we’re, you know, going to go gluten free for a month or all those kind of bits and pieces. 
00:44:45 
	So, that things change in the way that I don’t expect, in three years’ time, that we’ll be having exactly the same food in our fridge week after week, month after month; there’ll be things that we do and, sort of, change as life changes. And so, yes, I can imagine us using the, kind of, ordering thing but, I think, I will always want that flexibility and that, sort of, autonomy part of it. 
IV1	That’s an idea. Yes, actually it’s interesting because the system at the moment, it’s, kind of, you always get the same stuff, right. I mean, and always when you run out, you get something new, right; there’s never… it did not make any difference in your, like, daily routine that you would always get…? Do you have bread at home anyway all the time? Is that something that is not [overtalking]?
P7f	It’s more to do on a weekly routine because working patterns mean that the children and Andrew and I eat breakfast at home on Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday but on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, we don’t eat breakfast at home. So on those days, obviously, our bread consumption is zero usually or maybe a sandwich or something of an evening for one of the kids. So, you can’t look at a daily pattern of our bread consumption; you have to look at, kind of, the weekly. Why was I telling you that? What was your question?
IV1	Oh, yes, if you have, like, this, basically… I don't know how to say. 
IV2	You were asking, you buy bread every week?
00:46:17
P7f	The bread buying. The bread buying. 
IV1	Mm-hmm, yes, if you have it at home all the time, I guess, in the cupboard. 
P7f	Yes. I mean, we have bread at home all the time, yes. So it’s pretty… yes, there’s always bread products. 
IV2	Yes. It just reminds me, because he mentioned about that, about that, because are getting the bread when you are running low so it could, was more sustainable in that way because you didn’t, wouldn’t waste bread.
P7f	Yes. 
IV1	And you wouldn’t get it earlier than you need it as well. 
IV2	So I was curious, before you having this system, was there, like, some times that you had the bread and that you know that it’s, you didn’t finish it so you, kind of, tried to eat it because you…?
P7f	Yes, eat it or freeze it or bin it as well. Yes, so in that way I can see, it could be more sustainable, yes. But it would have to be more immediate deliveries because it’s, certainly on the bread, quite a time-sensitive…
IV1	Yes. You had one more question for Andrew, right? You just…?
IV2	Oh, yes. 
00:47:32
IV1	And then we’re done, I think. 
IV2	So, yes, so it is. So, I noticed that you’re quite aware about how, when, how the, when the bread is getting delivered and what did you get, what, I mean, when did you get your bread and everything. So I was just curious, were you as aware or interested in about, like, when it’s getting low and delivered for other items or…?
P7m	Would I be as interested in other items?
IV2	Well, before, like.
P7m	Before…
P7f	Did you take this much interest in grocery shopping before?
P7m	I think, not as much because we, society has made us lazy in our shopping habits, particularly if you live in a city. All these, you know, Sainsbury’s Local, Tesco Express, Co-ops, make it so easy to not have to plan in the same way that mobile phones make it easy; you don’t have to plan seeing your friends anymore because you can just text them—Oh, I’m ten minutes late or half an hour late or let’s do this tonight. And so, as a society, we’ve got used to convenience and therefore, I didn’t take, wouldn’t have taken as much notice. I’ve run out of bread—oh, it’s literally four minutes’ walk to Co-op so I’ll walk to Co-op and I’ll get some bread. And, yes, so I didn’t take as much notice before, because I didn’t need to. If I lived in the countryside and it was a 20-minute drive to the supermarket or the local, nearest shop and that wasn’t on my way from, to or from work or I worked at home or I ran a farm then I would absolutely take a lot more notice and you wouldn’t… you know, 20-minute drive each way to get to the supermarket—you would plan your shop quite well and make sure you didn’t forget anything. 
00:49:24
	But we don’t and, I guess, not only is a five-minute walk, which some people still might deem inconvenient, you pass, you know, four shops that sell what you need on the way home from work without that detour, so…
IV1	Mm-hmm, yes. Cool, any more comments from you or no?
P7m	No. 
P7f	No, I don't think so. 
IV2	Were, did your, like, children notice something different or…?
IV1	Yes, good question actually. 
P7m	Yes. 
P7f	We, yes, we, one of the reasons…
P7m	Because they weren’t allowed to touch the bread bin. It’s a bit they pull over. 
00:49:53
P7f	One of the reasons that we were keen to do this study is, I think, it’s really interesting for children to see things that are just different and it would be interesting in decades to come when this technology is part of their daily life to say, do you remember the time when we had to weight the bread and know that…?
P7m	And interesting to know that there’s, you know, people who do these kind of studies, in depth and spend weeks/months/years understanding these kind of systems to make things better. 
P7f	Yes, and women. And so, just for them to…
P7m	Well, we didn’t know that. Oh, I guess, we knew it was done… yes, [overtalking].
P7f	We knew that actually it’s, we found it was good for, felt it was good for our children to be involved in doing these kind of things that are just different from daily life, so…
IV2	Well, was there any, like, particular comments they made?
P7f	They enjoyed…
P7m	At the beginning, they were definitely eating more Weetabix to try and get that down. They wanted to eat more Weetabix. 
IV1	Oh, no. Oh, that’s crazy. 
P7f	And they enjoyed answering the door when the bread came. That was quite cool and getting the delivery. And they were interested to see the scales when they arrived and to see the computer screen and how it worked and things like that so…
00:51:00
P7m	it didn’t, their interest wasn’t throughout the whole four weeks; it was probably first week that they were interested and then after that it wasn’t so much, which is understandable. 
IV1	Yes, it gets normal. 
P7m	Yes. 
IV1	Cool. I think, that’s it, right?
IV2	Right, yes. Okay, thanks very much.
IV1	Yes, we can, if we want, look at your data; this is the bread data over the week. It’s actually quite interesting. 
P7m	So this is the weight of the bread?
IV1	Yes, exactly, that you go, like, down, down, down a bit. I mean, the annoying thing about this is, it’s a bit averaged about because this is like, I think, every ten minutes, one or something, yes or even less; even every half an hour and you can totally see the pattern that it goes down. And then, I guess, you can see the general weight of the thing because this is zero, obviously and then… so sometimes you didn’t need…
00:51:45
P7m	Oh, that’s the bread bin weight, isn’t it that [overtalking]?
IV1	Yes, exactly. Yes, and the other one is a bit weird because it’s, here, I guess, it went down and then, I don't know, sometimes, like, here, I don't know, maybe it was leaning against something. 
P7f	Oh, maybe. 
IV1	Or, I don't know, or might just be the sensor broke or, like, or did something weird. 
P7f	Interesting, yes. Okay. 
IV1	Yes, something these weird things are when it’s, like, leaning against something or something like that, so…
IV2	I actually have a quick question: so I can see that first the biscuit getting low rather quickly than the other period so was it because the kids wanted to, like, try to eat more or is it because you didn’t, like, like the one that you…?
IV1	Oh, no, you said about the…
P7f	It was, it was the fact that they were biscuits for cheese. And so, breakfast cereal, we eat, you know, five times a week. Biscuits with cheese…
P7m	Once a week. 
00:52:37
P7f	Is a, kind of, once-a-week, at the most, kind of, consumption and so you didn’t get that regular thing that you were aiming for because it was, it, they were nice but they weren’t what we were going to eat on a, sort of, regular…
IV1	Oh, yes, very interesting. Cool. 
P7f	On that, would you rather have us got in touch with you and said, we need to…? Or we should have manually…? Because then…
IV1	No, I think that…
P7f	If we’d manually ordered other wheat biscuits we have sat there wouldn’t have gone down and then we would have… because we were just thinking, kind of… yes.
IV1	I think, it was, that way it felt quite natural so I was wondering, like, oh, and I just thought, you don’t like them maybe; that’s why you don’t eat them or something but, I think, it’s quite valuable to have people in the study [unclear] just, like, get something we ordered then and just don’t use it anymore. It’s totally okay, so that was quite interesting actually, yes. 
P7f	Cool. 
00:53:29
P7m	Have you got all your equipment?
IV1	Oh, yes, we need to take it actually, yes. 
IV2	Thank you. 
IV1	So I was turning this one off. Was this, and that was fine?


  
P10exit
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer 1
IV2	Interviewer 2
P10_A	Interviewee

IV1	So first can you tell us how you think how the system works, like in your own words, how the system works?
P10_A	Okay, as in kind of the process and what's involved?
IV1	Yes.
P10_A	So the box of [inaudible] on the scales. And usually one got down to three biscuits, so like half of the box. For that food item, in particular, it was the highest automation. So I'll get an e-mail usually 9 o'clock or 9.30 or so.
IV2	In the morning or?
P10_A	In the morning, saying that there has been like an order. You have one hour to change your mind pretty much. Usually that's fine, that does come out of that, you add it to its thing. 
00:01:08
	And then I think two days later-ish, then there'll be…, I think it's Addison Lee, whatever the courier's called, would come and deliver it. 
	So the way it's worked here, because we've got a concierge, is the first time they delivered to the concierge, I was expecting it to be in kind of a bit more concealed kind of packaging. Because I don't think concierge can accept food. And I was like, it's fine, it's my [unclear] goods. And then they accepted it anyway. But they rang me beforehand [unclear]. But I was expecting it to be kind of like in a parcel. So they didn't actually know what it was. So that was the first time. 
	The second time, I think they tried to deliver direct to here, which was a little bit confusing because they said who the delivery was from, not who it's for, which was like a very strange way to say what the parcel was. Anyway we let them in and it was fine. 
	The third time I think it was the concierge and the fourth time was, they managed to get it and just knock on the door, which was like also unexpected, but that's kind of like the delivery kind of experience. 
	And yes, so when we get the food we would put it in the original packing and just kind of like stack it up and just eat. So usually it was every week. 
00:02:43
	I think for the breakfast biscuits and the - I've kind of forgotten what the other food item was already - rice cakes, that's it. Yes, it was just kind of surprise though because it was already open. So we didn't eat that in the end. That's kind of it, I guess, I suppose.
IV1	So for that biscuit, there was kind of weekly. So how did the order of the biscuit worked for you?
P10_A	It was handy, I think. So I looked at the website maybe like just at the end of the four weeks, just to kind of see what the credit or the quota, or like my credit I had.
IV1	Oh you mean the budget?
P10_A	Yes, the budget. And I think for.., because I had chosen the … Because there was three variants. One was time, one was the same product and the other one was price. And I think my highest priority was that the product was the same and then the time was next. And then price was last. 
	But I think if I was, if that was like real money, I don't think I would pay because I don't know if this is like a realistic price point for the items. I wouldn’t have paid eight pounds 50 for six biscuits. And also, actually, sometimes I'd get six, sometimes I'd get seven. So that was kind of slightly unexpected as well of the individual packets.
00:04:28
IV1	So you mean the price changes for different order.
IV2	No you mean the packet right?
P10_A	The price remained the same for all of them. It's just … the first time I had six, the second time I had seven, of the individual [unclear]. 
IV1	Ah, okay the packets.
IV2	It's weird right.
P10_A	Sometimes there'd be six in the brown bag and sometimes seven. And I think like if I was actually paying for it, I'd be like, ouch, hang on, I should be getting the same because I'm paying the same.
IV2	It must have been a mistake on our part so I wonder what happened there, but anyway. But I guess there would be good memories. You could just tell us just how was your experience for the last four weeks.
P10_A	Well I still brought biscuits from Archways because it was on offer. So I stocked up. So I guess because the supermarket's so close, I guess in overall I probably wouldn't use the automated kind of system. And maybe because I do have it kind of stocked up myself. The supermarket is so close. 

00:05:42
	So [unclear] was quite ingesting. But it looked quite nice. I think that's one of the things we did like, it looked quite neat because it was kind of like zipped in the side. So, no specifics but the side was good. 
	We didn't get into any real kind of problems with … Actually there was one of the things all right. I think it was on the first week. It seemed to be kind of, the scales for, there was less than there actually is. So, because I had the box on the scales the whole time. There was one point where there were six of these packets in which is normally four. But actually it registered as only half the weight. 
	And one of the things I would have like to have had was kind of like some recalibration kind of function, I guess. So I could go like here's the package and that actually put my finger and kind of set that as the kind of initial weight and then kind of fill it up again. Because I also wanted to change it from the original packaging to like a bowl or something. 
	Yes, it was a bit strange because actually I got the 3rd of November it was full and then I had an e-mail to say, a delivery was being arranged, and then had another delivery which was like a few days after the second delivery. So I actually ended up with like, I think, like nine or ten kind of like stacked up. But it didn't actually register the weight. So that was kind of like at the end of the four weeks, so then, okay, what could I do?
IV	That must have been some kind of error, because when it started it worked all right, right?
00:07:32
P10_A	Yes it was find up until that point, up until the third of November. And that's actually when I changed the order with the company level to low so it wouldn't not necessarily order again. So having my options is good because in that case it would have kept ordering it and began again which would be fine. Like I said in the normal case I probably wouldn't want that.
IV1	Actually can I ask you one quick question? So how did you know that the scale wasn't registering the right weight.
P10_A	Well, based on, in the first few weeks it was working fine. I could see kind of the, I guess it's the consumption, level kind of like drop at a time. And just kind of checking the website occasionally to see what the actual weight was. So the box I had had three biscuits in half and there was like a little bar, like on, in the website on the website. So that kind of like matches it.
IV	Ah you meet the box that the black colour [overtalking].
P10_A	Yes. So normally that was correct. But on this case it stayed as half but actually it was more than, a lot more than full. So …
IV2	Just a quick question. You did reload the page right?
00:08:56 
P10_A	Yes.
IV2	Okay. It's just, yes, because it's annoying, if we didn't implement. If you don't reload it will not update, but I'm sure you did [inaudible].
P10_A	Yes, I reached that stage as well. But it didn't seem to update so I don't know what went on there. We haven't had any kind of things nearby. I don't know if…, I don't know what's happening.
IV2	Yes it may be broken. Yes we'll look at the data later actually. 
IV1	Yes. So how, could you tell me about how you checked the website? Like how often did you check in when you check, usually?
P10_A	I didn't check it very often. I think when it got into, when I got into a kind of routine just like having it do its thing, and having e-mail. I think initially I had both the e-mail on the text. I turned off the text messages because I don't really need both. But I was curious to see which one would be more convenient. I turned off the text messages because it's kind of less annoying. So like e-mails I can manage more and kind of ignore. And it's not like a critical thing that I need to, reached its way, something like bread or [unclear].
	So, what was the question sorry?
00:10:12
IV1	So how often you're checking the website and when and what trigger you use to go on the website or look at the data. Oh was it website or usually you are looking at the e-mails?
P10_A	I started looking on my phone and then it kind of, it wasn't as easy to use as looking on my computer. So the first few days I was looking on most days to just kind of see, I was just curious to see the consumption graphs. And then after that it's mainly every week or so I would look on my computer just to kind of like, what's different, or like nothings different, or what's kind of to be expected. So in the end I don't really look that much on the website after I kind of got the hang of things.
IV1	Actually I was curious that you mentioned that after you had some kind of routine, and then you get the hang of it. So could you tell me, so how do you say, at what point you felt like you kind of thinking you was kind of getting routine?
P10_A	It was probably the second delivery, I just sort of, well I just figured out how it's going to work. And well the fact that I didn't have to check back. Because it was set to the highest automation level, I didn't have to check or confirm and I think it just happened. I quite liked that feature. I had the opposite on the rice cakes where it was the lowest automation. I had to, I think it like notified me to say the food item is low, the weight is low, would you like to order the same? The first time I said yes, and then the food arrived and like again, I probably won't take that one again.
00:12:06
	So yes, just because, I guess, because it's in an automated fashion, the second time and the third time, it just happens again and again and again. So it just became normal to kind of just let it do its thing.
IV1	So actually for the other item that you one time you got the message and when you kind of looked at the list and made a choice, could you, if you can remember, do you remember what kind of information were you looking at when you get the list and how you made a decision which item you chose?
P10_A	For …?
IV1	The rice cake.
P10_A	The rice cake. I don't know if I can remember that bit.
IV1	Yes. If you can remember, if not, okay.
P10_A	No I think I've forgotten about that.
IV1	Yes, it's okay, it's fine. So I'm going to ask you one more question, because there is something that I think I find interesting, but I wanted to make sure I got it right. So you said you're checking the website like kind of every now and then at the beginning and then check less, and then you … I asked this question before, but you knew that the weight was not, kind of actual, the weight was not matching with the information that you saw. 
00:13:40
	So was it that you were checking and then you noticed that far was not matching with the actual items? Or you were first you looking at this data and noticing it didn't match or you thought it was not matching and you go and check the data?
P10_A	Yes, so it all kind of kicked off, I can't remember the actual date, but I just had a delivery for these Preppers [?] biscuits and I put them in the packaging so it was for, so six in total. Actually I think that might have been seven so like on the top. And I remember leaving, so I would take one of these just for going to work and I eat them on the way to work. So I'd take it off, leave and then usually when I get to work I'd have an e-mail if it was low to say a delivery is being kind of requested. 
	Because it was full, I was, it was totally unexpected that I would get that e-mail. So I checked on the website and it showed the bar as being like a half, or I think it was like 44% or something like that, which is obviously not correct. And I guess because I've checked, not often, but like occasionally in the beginning, to just kind of see what that icon represents and the weights as well. But just the fact that it was another time and that was kind of like the checking point I guess. It was like something's not right. And the website didn't reflect the actual true value of the package.
IV1	So what did you do about it, do you remember?
00:15:35
P10_A	Well I let that order happen, because I thought okay maybe it's, maybe the e-mail was just being triggered and actually it's not going to do something. But actually it showed up like a few days later. And I think I just slotted it in the cupboard. And then I changed the automation level down. 
IV1	Actually after that happened?
P10_A	Yes, because I had quite a lot. And I assumed in fact it would happen again, that maybe if it got to the same point or maybe just like a small change in weight it might trigger it again. So I didn't really, I didn't… Maybe I should have just left it, but I didn't want to have too many orders. 
IV1	Yes okay, I see. That's interesting. Thank you for explaining in that detail. So how would you say, like, how were you satisfied or dissatisfied with the order the system made?
P10_A	Up until that point I was quite satisfied. It was very regular, I guess, just because it's like every day I would have one it would end up being like Saturday, I think, that delivery would arrive. Like it just kind of, that was the routine, up until the point of that kind of oddity. 
	So before that point pretty satisfied. I quite like the fact that food just kind of appeared, I didn't have to do anything about it. I didn't really have to check the website or press a button or in fact anything, it just arrives, and the same again and again. 
	But I guess I kind of lost trust, I think, in the system when that happened, when it ordered again when it didn't need to. So that's when I thought I'll stop it now, I can always trigger it if I need to, which is nice to have that option. I think if it's totally automated, and that happened, okay what's going to happen next. Maybe it's just going to send me ten orders or something like that, you know. So it's nice to have control of it if you need to. But the fact that it was working before that point in the normal fashion was nice.
IV1	Actually I wanted to ask you the question that, oh yes, you mentioned that because you have the weight was very close, so you are not necessarily, wouldn't really like use this kind of system. But also but still you kind of mentioned some of the benefit that you had having the system.
P10_A	Yes. I think we issued it would be easier with the delivery having the concierge, which wasn't actually true because only half the time they would actually deliver to the concierge and I had put in, as a note on the website, to say, deliver to concierge. 
	Just because it's totally unexpected that someone just knocks on the door, especially on a Saturday morning when I think we were like watching TV, and like, what, who on earth is that? We didn't buzz anyone it. 
	So we kind of wanted them to go to the concierge. I don't know if they didn't get that note but like they went there the first few times. I guess that maybe it depends on the courier.
IV1	Actually, I will rephrase my question. So I was curious, because you have a grocery store very close, so you can just easily go and buy stuff and then already you kind of mentioned that so you wouldn't, might not really need this kind of system of automatically reordering stuff. But if you can think about what will be the still kind of benefit that you would get from this kind of system that you wouldn't really [overtalking].
P10_A	If a supermarket wasn't so close by, do you mean?
IV1	In this situation. Yes.
P10_A	I guess …
IV1	Maybe, I will, sorry, I'll rephrase this question. Then maybe would you still want to have this kind of system, getting the reordering, when you have a store close to you so you can just easily get the …
IV2	Would you see any benefits, even if you like have this store? Like do you have something that comes into your mind or nothing?
P10_A	Probably not. Although…
00:20:19
IV2	I mean the delivery is actually a good point about the deliveries initially. 
P10_A	Yes, so I think it is probably the delivery as the main thing, just kind of why I'd, that would quite as the strongest point. I think if they always went to the concierge then it's we're collecting from the concierge, just because that's what we're used to here now, with outsource. Then it might be a different answer. 
	But I think, I probably wouldn't, I wouldn't feel like I need to have it, and I've had it switched off for, well, a few weeks back. You can see like I've got loads in my cupboard now. And that's just the way that I shop, right, because it's on offer like I just buy lots and then if not I'll just buy one and I buy one, until it's on offer again. So I guess maybe it's just this particular thing that I can stock up and because anyway Checkers is so close that I can keep up quite easily.
	Yes, maybe like if the supermarket wasn't so close then it might be more convenient. Say if I had to drive to a supermarket and that kind of thing, then it would be better.
IV2	Just with the delivery, do you like it more with the delivery to pick it up from the concierge because you can pick it up whenever you want, or what was it?
P10_A	Yes. So normally it's been on a Saturday, Saturday mornings, and most of the time I'm not in on Saturday morning. So I end up going climbing on the mornings.
00:22:04 
IV2	At [location] or?
P10_A	I actually go to [location]. 
IV2	Oh yes, I'm a climber too. I really like that option.
P10_A	I like to talk about climbing. So it worked out quite well when I could come, because I could come back and collect the parcel before coming back home. So I'd just come to concierge first and come home. Whenever I've had deliveries, that's normally been quite helpful. 
	But if they've tried to deliver and it says failed attempt or something, I don't know. But I don't think that actually happened, that, you know, the deliveries that has been the case. Not for this, but like Amazon for instance. It's just kind of a little bit annoying so rather just go directly there and not really try here.
IV2	Is it easy to find, actually, when you don't know that there's a concierge there's no sign or is there?
P10_A	Yes, it's quite subtle.
IV2	Because I remember we found it because we went from there, the concierge was across then we saw him and so we went in and asked, actually I think.
00:23:10
P10_A	Yes, I didn't think it's that obvious. It was one of our concerns when we first moved in here, about should we have things directly sent to the concierge or have it sent here and then figure it out. Probably because we, and maybe lots of other people here, order so much from Amazon, they just know to go there now. And other horrors like DHL and other. 
	So possibly because you were, I think it was Alison, they might not know there's a concierge, especially if you're coming from that way. As you say, if you're come from the Main Road then you pass it, but there's no, I don't think there's anything near the door to say there's a concierge if you need to deliver. But because I had put it as a note on the delivery thing, I thought they might attempt or they'd look around maybe, but I can kind of imagine they're quite busy, so no offence.
IV1	So going back to the text and e-mail, then you dropped the text and then you get the e-mail, so what kind of information did you get when you receive e-mail?
P10_A	So I remember the first e-mail being a little bit confusing in terms of what it actually says. I don't know if I can dig up one.
IV1	That will be great thanks.
P10_A	So I think the first e-mail reads: Your order will be delivered from a remote depot. And to me that sounds like it's already been despatched, but actually I don't think that that is the case, because the next one is actually saying it's been confirmed. 
	So that one, the second one, that actually said it's been confirmed makes sense to me, but this one, kind of, I didn't really know what that meant, especially like remote depot. It was just kind of like a language that I don't really expect to hear. 
	I don't think actually you ever pressed that link. I never tapped that. Maybe because like I know it's a short [unclear] and I like generally don't click on those kind of things. 
IV1	Why?
P10_A	Well, no I just don't know where it's going to lead me to.
IV1	Ah, okay, that's interesting.
P10_A	I know, and I mean I can see it's like from a legit e-mail address, but like I just don't want to click the link, because I also don't need to click the link because I'm like just going to leave it. But if I was curious I could see what that does.
IV1	Actually I want to ask you a lot of questions. That you mentioned that remote depot doesn't really, kind of, how do you say, doesn't really make sense to you so you don't really kind of pay attention for that. So do you remember at the beginning there's a kind of two different types of delivery coming from local and coming from the remote area?
P10_A	No I don't remember.
00:26:30
IV1	So when we touched on remote depot meaning that it was getting delivered from the further, like, kind of storage than the depot [unclear] storage than the local one.
P10_A	Okay.
IV1	So were you, and I'm just curious, were you curious about anything about what product was you were getting like pri … Because you had like priorities for the, at the beginning. So were you at any point was curious whether the system was working as you want it to be?
P10_A	I was, because, I think because I was expecting the box, I guess not the brown packet thing, I would expect to be given getting the same ones. But I think I was getting the same ones. Yes, so like they looked the same. I think it is the same, They've got the same kind of like data, expiry date on the actual packaging. 
	So I guess that was the priority, one of the priorities, the highest priority, was the same item. So I never got to like any other kind of flavours or types of biscuits, it's always the same ones. So like, I was quite happy with that, or I guess because I paid the premium potentially for that.
IV1	Premium as?
P10_A	So as in like I paid I think it was eight fifty per order, if that was real money. I wouldn't pay that if, given the choice, maybe the normal milk and cereal thing. One, if that was cheaper, like three or four pounds or something, I would choose the cheaper one over spending eight pounds on getting the right one. Yes I guess [inaudible].
IV1	So why, let me see, why is there like kind of, I don't know how to say it in English. So what do you think why was the reason that the price was higher than you'd expected? Did you, kind of, was wondering or curious about it?
P10_A	I didn't really question it too much, because I remember in either the first few emails or the first interview, kind of, set up, that it's not like, it's not a true representation of like a supermarket. So I was fine with you to question it, but looking back on it, if that was the case, I wouldn't spend that much money on it.
IV1	So were you paying, you mentioned that you are paying attention to the budget.
P10_A	I'm not really paying attention. 
IV1	Just looking at it. 
P10_A	Yes, I didn't track it or anything. That is, I think it was near the end of, I don't know how much it's now, but I think because the last time I checked it was like sixty or seventy pounds or something and I had only had a couple of orders. I was quite surprised that it had been reduced so much, which kind of made me question the price of a slice and like maybe question it but I didn't do anything about it.
00:30:11 
IV1	Because?
P10_A	Because I knew it wasn't real money.
IV	Okay.
P10_A	So like I was happy for that but it's kind of its decrease.
IV1	Now I'm going to change to the topic of the kitchen. So with the system, how has your consumption or consumption pattern changed in any way?
P10_A	No. So my, like yes, I eat these anyway. I didn't change anything really. If anything had changed really it's how this was been sourced, I guess. So instead of going to the supermarket it came supposedly to the front door. That was pretty much it. Yes, this is my breakfast anyway so it's a routine that I've got into.
IV1	So is there any other thing that you think you might, I don't know, having the system of that, other than the thing that you mentioned? Just curious.
P10_A	Maybe not. I think I appreciated that the scales are quite small. They can like hide away. Because I'm quite…, I like things to be clean and not take a lot of space and that kind of thing. 
	So the scales were nice but I think given the choice I would hide away the Raspy Pie box, just as a like a visual kind of, it would be nice if that stuff was hidden away somewhere else. I don't know if that answers your question.
IV1	Yes. And I think just like, is there any changes in the way you do shopping?
P10_A	No.
IV2	How often, do you remember, I mean it's been four weeks, a long time. But how often or how many packets you bought in addition?
P10_A	In addition? 
IV2	Because you mentioned they were on offer and that you got more.
P10_A	Yes, I think I got like two, I think, two boxes. That was because that was the only two left. Yes, otherwise I probably would get more. But I think I kept those aside. I didn't kind of mix it up, because I didn't want to interfere with just like the automated [unclear] so they're still on like the top here and not much has been used.
IV1	So another question. Could you imagine that having such a system could help you to be more sustainable in any way?
00:33:15
P10_A	Maybe. I was surprised the first time it was delivered without packaging. These ones, in particular, they don't need to have packaging - the box at least. 
	So I guess if you're talking about sustainability, as in like reducing waste and that kind of thing, that could be one point to mention. Although buying a box, in my eyes, doesn't really make much difference because I can recycle it. 
	Whereas maybe the rice cakes was a bit more of a surprise for us because it was completely unpackaged. It kind of just made us question like what's happened to it. So on that kind of sustainable things, that might be all I can think of.
IV1	So what did you … You talk about your experience, but just to ask you a couple more questions. What did you most like about the system having this system for the last four weeks?
P10_A	I liked when it just worked. So the complete automation of that when I understood what was going on, I trusted what it was going to do. So with like the extra order aside, I think that was probably the best part. To just sort of like pick up the food and like an order is being made and I just get a confirmation to say that's happened. That was probably the best bit.
IV1	Okay.
P10_A	And obviously I like, as was mentioned before, the design of it which looked quite neat. But the automation was probably the highest.
00:35:08
IV1	Then what you didn't like. What did you most dislike about the system?
P10_A	When it went wrong. Actually maybe this too. The unexpected kind of packaging. So it was a surprise to not have the box, more so for the concierge. Because we thought it was going to be in a like a packaging within a packaging, so they don't know what it is. 
	But also the rice cakes. That was probably the main ones I think. So these breakfast biscuits are good in that sense because they're got individual wrappers, but I think it would have been nice to know like what actually happens when it's being packaged up or even just leaving it in the original packaging. 
	And yes, the second kind of one would be when I lost trust in the system, just because of the way it went just a bit awry way to quickly and I didn't really know what to do. And I couldn’t, I wanted to recalibrate it and I didn't think that other [unclear] function that I can do. So yes, when I lost trust in the system [inaudible].
IV1	It sure is interesting that you mention that like having the recalibration feature would be nice to have, but is there anything that you can think of about how to improve the system better?
P10_A	One thing I probably mention, maybe in the website, to kind of … So like I would instantly just would use the website on my phone, just because I'm here I'm moving around. And I guess it was optimised for computers. And it just does like kind of this much opens in having websites work in a web office [?] way, is a thing that like gets stuck in my head. So that would have been good.
00:37:39
IV2	So it didn't work on your phone?
P10_A	No, it's more how it wasn't like optimising it. And I guess there was like some inconsistencies with how things were saved. Sometimes I didn't know whether it was saved or not. It's clear on the computer, because you've got the space and you can, like I can't remember off the top of my head. But when it's kind of squeezed down on the phone it's just a bit more difficult. So that would probably be another thing as a suggestion. Recalibration thing, I also mentioned. 
	Well recalibration could be for two things, because I wanted to also change the like the bowl of the packaging. I wanted to move it out from the box into just a bowl so I can just kind of dump it in. I can re-do that and also if it gets it wrong you can kind of just reset it easily.
IV2	Where would you think it would make sense to incorporate … That's called tearing right? When you can tear it. Where do you think would, where would you have liked to have this functionality, like on your phone?
P10_A	For what?
IV2	Or to make it zero, like to tear it?
00:39:06
P10_A	Yes, probably.
IV2	Like when you were thinking you would like to tear it, what do you think would be the perfect place for this, like when you think about the hardware of the system and everything, where do you think would be a good place for it?
P10_A	Probably on the website, so I guess you could see the two. Actually, so on the website I think you see the two items, the food items, and not like the two scales, so potentially [unclear] for some reason, I don't know, or like supposedly in the future you might change the products. 
	So it would make sense to me to put the kind of per scale and for it to be like a remote thing, to kind of say like there's nothing on the scales, it's now zero. And they may even put like a bowl or something and say like this is now the holder effectively or whatever.
IV2	The container.
P10_A	Yes. And kind of like, so you kind of initialise it back to the original, like there's nothing there, and all I know is what the container is, and then I don't know if there's a limit of how much could put on it. Maybe you could say like this is now, so you put all the food in, and then you could say, this is how much a normal load would be. That would kind of be my expectation.
00:40:30 
IV1	I see. So now I'll ask you some questions then you can be more like creative and speculative. So based the one month four weeks experience with the system that you know sensed the weight and then do the reordering, based on this kind of experience, how would you kind or expect the system like this doing some of the work on [unclear] automatically? How would you imagine this kind of system behave better or like benefit to your kind of everyday needs? Did you have any idea why for the text?
P10_A	I guess like it would be nice if it could be for items in the fridge or freezer. I don't know how that would work. For it to be a bit more integrated in cupboards. I think us having high cupboards it's probably quite difficult to know where the item would sit on the scale whilst here you can see directly into that. 
	And actually like, I don't know, kind of being part of the work surface, that would be very cool, if you're thinking really far ahead. Or even just, yes, you don't see it, you just know, but if you put it here. Maybe also like spices and that kind of thing, you kind of might have designated places for those. Yes, that's probably. Yes the fridge should be quite nice. Because I think I was mentioning the first time, having fruits and vegetables being [unclear], that would be quite good.
IV	Why?
P10_A	Well I guess it expands your choice. Because I think we were struggling to think of what we use very often as just dried goods. 
	So we've got a massive bag of rice but then every day usually there's fresh food. So just being able to have this kind of automated delivery for fresh goods would be good. Whilst at the moment it has to be out on the counter. And then like eggs could be one of those, but my wife doesn't want that. So yes, probably the fridge should be the best.
IV1	So you're saying so maybe it would be fine just to be like expanding the item and especially the fresh goods will be good because it will kind of save more, how do you say, it will be more frequent so it will be more convenient having those items getting delivered.
P10_A	Maybe it's like a grouped order so possibly like it could know that I've used two of these. So that like it's triggered from one thing but actually you can do a kind of general top up. So instead of having like one item being delivered lots and lots of times, it could be almost like a regular delivery and you just get top ups of little things. Then you like get two apples, like four biscuits or that kind of thing. It's just like that is your top up like your normal groceries. That would be quite nice. And also for vegetables and fruits.
IV1	So the system was in a way checking your food consumption and so what do you think about that, the system kind of monitoring your food consumption?
P10_A	I don't really mind like it's just my breakfast. I don't see it as being intrusive. 
00:44:28
IV1	You don't see that?
P10_A	I don't. I guess it's not like, it is tracking my consumption, but it's not kind of counting the calories that I eat or sharing information to some advertiser or that kind of thing. [Unclear] I don't know. So I think that's probably fine. I guess I don't really have, I'm trying to think of anything else which might be like tracking that I can think of as a comparison, but I'm struggling. I know that's like initiating a website online you can compare to, but because it's in front of you there isn't anything else I can think of as a comparison. Because it's food, I'm going to do anyway, like get food, the monitoring of it has to be there to know that the automation happens so I think I accept that.
IV1	So you mentioned calories and I was curious, are there any other additional information do you think it would be nice to add?
P10_A	Well me personally, no, because I don't really care. I don't really track, like I just eat whatever I need to eat or whatever I want to eat. That's probably [unclear] to say. I guess you've got like kind of watches and things you can have to kind of track all your consumption foods but it wouldn't be something I would look at or really care about. I know how much I'm eating of these because it's every morning. I know that without having been told by a website. 
IV1	Okay. So now just one or two more questions then I'll be done.
00:46:35
IV2	No I have one more question, where you were mentioning the tracking. You said that advertising would be a problem. When they advertise on top of the data? 
P10_A	Yes I…, maybe. I'm in kind of two minds about it, because I don't really want my data to be sold but like actually if I'm using this all the time, then maybe I do want them to know, or like them being whatever it is, to know that actually I want to have this and making a special deal because I'm your primary customer maybe. And I guess advertisers need to know that, because otherwise [unclear] need to know how to target. 
	But I think maybe it's a different environment like on line, like all the ads and the stuff are like very much like they obviously have skip skip skip whatever. Maybe in this scenario I wouldn't mind my data being kind of used to help me personally, without me really knowing about it, I don't know.
IV2	But how can you [unclear]?
P10_A	I don't know. I wasn't kind of like thinking of that really. I don't really know where I was going to go with that.
IV1	So the trigger you said, did it work? How did it work, did you said something about the trigger, like the weight that you want to trigger the order, how did it work?
P10_A	For which?
00:48:16
IV1	For the biscuit? You said a certain [unclear].
P10_A	Oh yes. I think I just set it as like half of the original weight and then just left is as that, I don't think I changed it, at all. It seemed to just work. Usually when ever there was three left then you would order [inaudible]. That was fine.
IV1	Okay. So one final question, and this one I'm going to, this would be something very I think interesting to me, so I'm going to just want to discuss it a little bit more. You mentioned already but I just wanted to ask you again. So for the biscuit, so there was three different priorities you said at the beginning. So you were saying one would be the priority, you said it at the beginning?
P10_A	So the same product, I think. I don't know what that was actually called in the website.
IV1	Property.
P10_A	Property, yes, products. And then the delivery time.
IV1	There was a property price and delivery was the three.
P10_A	So time … Yes, price would be last. Delivery would be second and then the same item would be first.
00:49:45
IV1	Why in that order?
P10_A	I just like these chocolate ones and I guess because the money is virtual, like I'm happy to spend more on that. And the delivery in the middle because you don't really need to have it urgently, probably because I had some spare, if I need to eat something urgently. So that's kind of how it works now, like number one was just [overtalking].
IV1	Okay. So now I'm going to show you how you actually said.
P10_A	Okay.
IV1	Yes. So you said for the delivery first and then property, and so I was, I think it was interesting for me, because whether this experience affect, kind of, in a way influenced you, thinking about the property of this item, or what are you saying?
P10_A	Yes. Well, because I always had the same one. I assumed that was [inaudible]. Because I hadn't actually looked at taking another thing [unclear]. And the deliveries seemed to happen fairly regularly. So I, yes, I didn't realise that was different.
IV1	Yes, because I think, I not quite remember, but I think the reason that you state for the delivery first is because you eat every day so you wanted to get, like maybe it is running low, so I'm just kind of curious whether your existing expectations, like the prior expectation, of the system before your experience, has kind of changed, because you are actually having the system and seeing how it worked. Do you think your expectation before and after changed about some system like this?
00:51:50
P10_A	Probably, I guess because I didn't know how deliveries were going to work in the beginning, I thought that was going to be the number one priority. And after it I kind of realised it seemed fairly often, seemed fairly regular, sorry. As I said, Saturdays always seem to be the time where we'd get delivery. So that just became, I think, the normality, and yes, I didn't ever get any other ones. It was like equalled out, actually.
IV1	One final question, sorry that I repeat this, it was supposed to be the last one. Would you, if you can, would you like to continue using this kind of system, do you think?
P10_A	Probably not, while I live here, mainly because I feel like I don't need it and I guess if I don't need it, I wouldn't want to have it. But possibly if I lived out in the countryside or somewhere and I had to drive half an hour to a supermarket or something, then, I don't know, maybe I would have online deliveries for it. But I think for things used often, I think it would be very handy.
IV1	How about the things that you mentioned, like a pack of rice that you don't need to kind of buy frequently?
00:53:26
P10_A	In what sense do you mean?
IV1	So you mentioned there will be good to have a system for the stuff that you frequently buy, and then I think you mentioned that …
P10_A	Big bag of rice, yes.
IV	It doesn't necessarily frequent things though. How would you think about using the system for like those kind of things?
P10_A	I haven't really thought about it, actually. So I guess for like the rice in specific, like if I could get a very specific brand or type of rice, of the same size, I guess I would use that system. Because I know of like anywhere near here, doesn't have that rice. We have to either go the Chinese supermarket or the brand supermarket
	So I guess if it was like really specialised things that we couldn't get from the local supermarket then it would be good. But I wouldn't, I don't think I would expect it to work in an automated way, just because it's either something we don't use as often, if it's a small quantity, or is a large quantity and we can control when we want to order, just because we've got so much of it, I guess, and we wouldn't really want to have like bags and bags and bags of rice. Especially if the same thing happened and like it was delivered twice basically, just because it takes a lot more space.
00:55:00
IV1	Okay, thank you. Do you have any other questions? We need to also look at the data first.
IV2	Yes, exactly. Yes, one more. You said you looked at the consumption graph a few times. Do you remember why?
P10_A	I was just curious to see what it might look like and then I realised it's just going to go up and down, up and down. 
IV	What did you think about that?
P10_A	I don't think I really would use it. Mainly because I know what it's going to look like. Possibly because it's a routine for me, like, it's a breakfast food item so I'm going to take it before going to work. It's always going to go up and down, up and down, in the same kind of pattern. I guess some more irregular things, so maybe if like the rice cakes were one of them, then, I don't know, I probably wouldn't even look at it then. I don't know if I think it would be interesting for me.
IV2	[Inaudible] This is just me kind of rating it, I think, and then it starts. And then here somewhere it gets a bit weird. Usually like you can see it's all nice and regular. And here I don't know, all this stuff looks like it's definitely faulty, so it might have adjusted something on the scales like went wrong. 

00:56:19
	And it's actually interesting, with the wrong trigger, usually - so we had other participants who had wrong triggers - and then when you have a wrong trigger usually it goes, you get lots of wrong triggers. So it's good that for you, you only had one, but still this kind of doesn't make sense like this stuff. It means that it very quickly changed the weight, but you didn't, you just left it.
IV1	Or what if it kind of he got a extra order in you [unclear]?
P10_A	So the 3rd of November was the date where it ordered again. And then I did put it on, so I handed it on to actioning. But it didn't register which like stayed for a few days, which I found a bit unexpected. Like up until that point, like that was kind of what I would expect.
IV2	Yes, you told of a few open but clean and then here it's kind of, when it gets like these kind of peaks, then it's either you're doing a lot with it but I guess that you wouldn't, right, it would just lay around. I mean that the weight changed quite a lot. I mean the nice thing about this is also only in ten minutes or even half an hour, it's every half an hour so it's ten times less of the data.
P10_A	It's changing. Because even if like you touched it, and like that's probably not going to register it, unless it's on the point it's going to do the recording.
00:57:40
IV2	We collect every thirty seconds, just the visualisation doesn't. We don't have enough spaces so we have to make do with it, it's a bit annoying. I mean you can kind of see when it was [inaudible].
IV1	So actually did you kind of try to see how it responds?
P10_A	No, I never like, I didn't like lean on it or whatever to try and see if it was still working. We had … So like the box was here and then the other two things were here, out the way, but we had other food items around, but like they weren't leaning on this or anything. They weren't really that close. 
IV1	I will ask you if you were kind of in a way testing or experimenting how it was?
P10_A	No. I don't know. I kind of saw it as like a delicate kit, even though it looked quite robust. I just didn't really want to like mess with it, really.
IV1	About how far is your wife? We didn't get to talk to your wife. What do you think her experience was? 
P10_A	The only thing that she said was that she liked the product, like she liked the look of it. Because she didn't really use it, that was just how this …
IV1	Look of it of the …
P10_A	Sorry just the look of the scales. That was probably the only thing that she said. 

00:58:58
	She liked the colour of it and that kind of thing, like it kind of fit with the kind of the finish. But she didn't use it. Maybe the only thing was like the rice cakes, she was like, I don't want to eat that, don't want to eat that. Yes.
IV1	Is there anything that you didn't get to mention before we finish?
P10_A	I mentioned about the local delivery thing, so I mentioned about the depot, but I think I had another e-mail saying, leaving local depot, means that it was delivered on that day, apparently that's what I wrote down. There are things I mentioned already.
IV1	Thank you very much. Would it be possible for you to kind of send a note to us?
P10_A	Sure, I mean they really are just like brain dump.
IV1	Yes.


01:00:04
 
P11exit
Speaker Key:
IV	Interviewer 
P11	Interviewee

IV1	Like the system, like just how, like if you could describe to me what the study was about, the way we would like [unclear].
P11	Yes, so I chose the three red onions and the sunflower oil. So the main things with that that I liked was that it did, kind of, automatically order if you needed it. I guess, the thing that I have the biggest problem was being home for it. Probably should have updated the website better. But like, based off of, kind of, social plans and stuff like that, there were times where, like, things, kind of changed a bit abruptly so I wasn’t there, and I missed deliveries. So that was a bit of a bummer on that, front. But…
IV1	Was it that you spontaneously decided to go out or something and…
P11	Yes.
IV1	Yes, yes, I know that.
00:00:52
P11	Yes one of those, kind of, things, so maybe we are a bit too spontaneous, like, for that, I guess, for now. But yes, or I would hope my room mates would like hear the door, like hear something knocking, but maybe, like, they weren’t in or something like that. So, like, there are sometimes it didn’t, like, work as well as I would have liked it to, I guess, but that’s, kind of, on me really. So.
IV2	Always interesting to hear different experiences, anything else about your experience in the last four weeks.
P11	Yes, I quite liked it really. There was one time where I got, I think it was a glitch or something where it said that I was out of something, but I wasn’t really and then when I clicked on the link it, like, said that, like, something like error or something like that. So there was one time, like it tried to automatically order something when it wasn’t actually out, but then I think the system corrected itself or something like that. So I don’t know what that one was. 
IV2	Yes that’s bit of an error or something.
P11	Yes, but yes, besides that, I mean, you know, it wasn’t too bad, I guess.
IV1	So yes, some of the questions might be a bit repetitive, what do you think about the orders that the system made for you?
P11	I liked it, but I think there was like one time, like it takes like the sunflower oil, but it would have been, like, a longer amount of time getting to me. 
	And like that was one time I did manually, like, go in and, like, change it and I thought okay canola oil or grape seed oil is fine, whatever. So I selected that one and I could get it sooner. So that was, like, one time when I went in there and like manually changed something. Another time was, like, last night, when I used up the rest of the oil, it said that it would have sent me an order like six days from now. But I knew the study was over, so I just thought I might as well cancel that order. So.
IV1	So we're talking [overtalking].
P11	Totally really weird on that, so.
IV2	Interesting. Did one of the two items work better than the other, do you think or were they equal?
P11	I know they are both, equally, quite good, it just like, I guess the amount of usage that I had for each of the things depended on, like the recipes that I use. So like to use up the red onions, I made some guacamole and taco’s one week and then for the, like, oil I used that up on like frying tacos and then I think I also used it a lot for, like, roast potatoes. So I noticed when I was using it for roast potatoes that I didn’t use as much of it. Whereas with, like, tacos, like you use a lot to fry them in there. But yes, other than that, like it worked for me. The canola oil, sorry, I keep saying canola oil, but it was the grape seed oil. That one tastes a little different than I'm used to. I think it might have been a fancier kind, actually or an extra virgin grape seed or something, so. But that was good and still nice.
00:03:55
IV1	Actually you were right, it was really hard to get that one, because I remember in the interview you said that you would sometimes buy it, but it’s really hard to get it. We put it into the list, I think, and then when you ordered, oh it was like shit. Ordered somewhere online. On like Farm Grow or something was the only place I could find it.
P11	I guess they all differ, it was good though, it was just a lot fancier, like extra virgin or something.
IV1	How did the autonomy level work for you? I don’t remember.
P11	I thought it was good. I think, like, what stopped me from logging into the website was, like, for me I'm used to using, like, apps, where I'm pre-logged in all the time. So, like, for me it was just like I took the very low maintenance approach to the system, I think, in the sense of I let the system order for me, I'm less, like, I thought it was a glitch or something, like I didn’t go in there, kind of thing. So, but otherwise, I mean, I took a very low maintenance approach, so maybe too low maintenance because, like, I probably should have been updating, like the times, like in the computer, like as I knew I'd be out and stuff. But that’s a bit of… I don’t know, it’s a bit of a tough one really.

00:05:08
IV1	I think, yes, tough because also in our system you, kind of, you arrange one time once and then you can change it within like in a few hours, but then it arranges for three days, yes. I don’t think…
P11	That’s what’s harder, so like oh yes that’ll be fine, I'm not doing anything that day and then, like, something happens, and, like, you don’t want to tell your friends I can’t go out because I've got to wait for some onions or oils, whatever, you know.
IV2	Yes, probably onions.
P11	And the yellow offer that…
IV1	Yes, so that’s, kind of, an issue right, that you have to wait and be there.
P11	Yes, I would say so, like, I mean because I'm a bit spontaneous, maybe too much so. So, like, for me it was like a little bit, like, oh no I missed the delivery and I'm, kind of, going oh why didn’t my room mates, like, answer the door. And maybe they weren’t home either. So we don’t always check with other’s schedule, so, yes.
IV2	One key question so you mentioned that you mention about app, so what will be the difference having app instead of visiting the website?
P11	I would just say because, like, you could presumably, like, stay, like logged in, so all you have to do is press the button on your phone. Like, there has been, like, some services, like where, like [unclear] I did Abel and Cole like, they didn’t have an iPhone app. 
00:06:28
	And that actually, kind of, put me off a little bit, because I have an iPhone and it was, like, when I did, like the meal plan option or, like, they… You get to choose recipes and stuff like that. Like, if I didn’t like the recipe and I didn’t check the website… Which I don’t always feel like I have the time to do, then, like, I can’t, like, tell it I don’t want a particular recipe. So like there’s times that a recipe is really long because I couldn’t be, kind of, like, bothered to, like, login. Which is a little bit, I guess, it’s a little lazy approach, I guess. But, you know, just like how I was about it. I mean I ended up, like, cooking with that one dish that I got, but I didn’t really like it too much. I don’t think I could all of it or something. So, yes, I'd take a very low maintenance, like, approach to these things. So, yes.
IV1	Oh well, it does make sense if you mention if everything would always be website you would need to, like, remember all the [unclear] and always login for everything.
P11	Exactly, exactly, yes and I'm very big into convenience. I don’t know if that’s just like technology nowadays, you just get so used to just press a button and think oh I'm there. It’s like, it’s like versus like login, manually and, like, on, you know, safari on your iPhone, kind of, thing. So that did, like, change how I would rate an app, I guess. So interact with it.
IV1	Yes, were you able to fully rely on this system? So, or did you have, ever have to buy onions or oil yourself?
00:07:55
P11	There was one time where like, I was, like, near the end of the oil and actually, like, didn’t have as much oil as I needed for tacos, but I had, like, some like I had to use an extra virgin oil, I had, so I, kind of, mixed the two oils. I'm not sure you're actually supposed to do that, but I did it anyway. So, I did, you know, thankfully have like, my own, like, you know, back-up, you know. But it wasn’t intended as a back-up it was just there for the thing, so. It wasn’t too bad really.
IV2	Yes, I'm just thinking.
P11	Let’s be over prepared.
IV2	So you like just a couple of things you mean, or…?
P11	Yes, I like to like, I don’t know, for me, I find comfort in knowing I have stuff, like compared to some of my friends that I know, it’s like, you know, they go oh, I mean do you have toothpicks, it’s like, oh I don’t have toothpicks. Like, I do. You know, I'm like that person where it’s like I make sure I have that thing, just in case I need it. So, yes.
IV1	Interesting. Were your room mates involved at all actually in, like…?
P11	No I just told them what it was and yes, because one of them was like, who are these people? I'm like, oh, I'm like, yes, I did a research study right now. They’re like, oh, okay. So, you know, I just, kind of, said to them, like, you know, they’re just scales, like you know, don’t put anything on them, kind of thing.
00:09:20
	So they were pretty, you know, like nice about it, I guess. Nobody said you can’t do the study or anything. So.
IV1	Okay, good. So did you trust the system or, like the software agent to make the right decisions for you?
P11	I did, I think, like, what’s hard even for me sometimes is to plan three days ahead. So when I come to the delivery that was the biggest, kind of, like, oh moment for me of, I guess, frustration or something and I think it’s more frustration for me than with the system, actually because like, there’s nothing wrong with the system, like, ordering three days ahead. But, like, there is just like, for me, I didn’t want to have to, like, tell my friends: oh yes, I'm waiting for an order of onion, like, you know. I think if I was, like, waiting for a bigger order of groceries maybe I would do that, but I think also, like, when I have done that, I've always done it on the weekend or something like that.
IV1	When you're at home and you're like, or it’s easier to arrange for it.
P11	Yes, so that, I think I've only done it like, on a Sunday, it’s, like, nobody really ever plans anything late on a Sunday, it’s work the next day.
IV1	Yes. Here we didn’t have Sunday deliveries actually.
P11	Yes, slight [unclear] potentially so, yes.
00:10:37
IV1	You never changed your preferences, right?
P11	That’s a good question, I think I logged in and I looked at it, but I can’t remember if I looked at it and I thought yes, that’s good enough or if I did, actually, go in there and change it. I just remember, like, the one time, like, it suggesting that I get, like, sunflower oil but it would be like six days from now and I'm like, yes, I need sunflower oil sooner, and so that’s when I went with the grape seed oil, which was, like, only one-day delivery, I'm like alright, you know. So. 
IV1	Yes, could you tell us more about your interaction with the system, how did you for example, like, the text messages and the emails you received. Or did you sign up for both, right, I don’t know…
P11	Oh I just got the email, sorry the text messages I think were on there. I don’t think I got the emails actually. Can’t remember. I did check my phone, just to double check but the one’s that like, still asked me with text messages, so like, it would text me, and say, like, we're ordering you, like some red onions and like, normally it was quite soon after I was done using the things. There was only the one time randomly when I was at work and it said it was going to order me some more oil, I think, that was the glitch. So every time it worked because like, while I was cooking I would finish the stuff, put it back and like, it would know, it seems within like 15 – 20 minutes, it felt like it was out and at that point it was quite convenient because if I didn’t want it in that moment in the kitchen, then I could have told it, like I didn’t want it. 
	So it was quite like in the moment and like convenient in that sense. So that was quite good, really. Because it was… Kept it all in the kitchen, really, if I think about it.
IV1	When you received the text, which information was important, what information in there was important to you?
P11	When it said, like, you were out of, like, sunflower oil, we have done it on my free order, you can cancel this within an hour. I mean I never really had to cancel it, there’s only the one time yesterday when I did because of the studies I'm doing. I mean it worked for me, so. Nothing about it was wrong, save picking up delivery time. That was the most contentious part I think. 
IV1	And so when you think about the text messages then it gave you some kind of, would tell you like the day then, stuff was like interesting to you, what did you [unclear]?
P11	Actually, it’s funny, like I just keep just kind of, skimmed it, I probably should have, like, read it more in depth. I mean because to me it was, like, I saw the date and the time but, like, I mean, I was going by like the time that I was receiving and… So like I could have gotten that text, like, an hour before, but like, and then like that date and time wouldn’t matter. But, like, I got it right in the moment, so I went straight down and scanned like sunflower oil. 
	You can cancel, like those were like the key things that I was looking at. I always have my phone on me, like in most instances, so there was never an instance where it caught me off guard, where it was like it gave me, like, the notification I was ordering, and I actually didn’t want it to. But that never happened, which is like, a good thing. Yes, so, but I don’t know how I would have reacted, if it would have ordered for me and my… I didn’t want it to order for me, but, like, it was pretty spot on, like, when things run out, like it would be re-order it and it felt to me that wasn’t a problem.
IV1	How often did you visit the website, do you remember? Like, for the last four weeks?
P11	Probably about four times, I think, like maybe once a week and I'm not sure if it was like, you know, view one week, view the next week, view the other week. I think it was, like, there was like the one, the few times I had to, like, visit the website, like, when you guys, like, had mentioned that it was glitching or something like that, so this is it, then. And I visited it again when, like, it seems I've ordered like oil for me which was like not needed at that point. That was a glitch and I visited the website then. So I really only visited the website when I felt that, like there was going to be immediate, like, issue or something like that. In the sense of where it was a glitch or was ordering when it maybe shouldn’t have or maybe the, like the scales weren’t working right. Like, but otherwise I, kind of, just trusted the system to, like, do its own thing.
00:15:16
IV2	So you didn’t really feel a need to visit?
P11	No, no I didn’t feel a need to visit it, yes.
IV2	Did you use your phone, or did you use it on the laptop, do you remember?
P11	Used my phone, yes.
IV1	Did you ever look at the other pages, like there were, remember which, like pages you visited?
P11	Yes, I did look at the other pages, I looked at like, my ranking for like, the type that I wanted or, like, if time mattered more or if price mattered more. I did look at that and double check, like I was happy with the rankings and I was fine with that. Yes, it all seems like, to work quite well. I never felt the need to check, like, the scales page because, like, I didn’t think there was anything going wrong with it because it was ordering things, when it needed to order it.
IV1	Okay, so could you tell us about if your food consumption changed or shopping practices?
P11	Not like, well, not really because of, like, what I had. I mean I did make some more roast potatoes and because I had red onions, like, in stock I did like guacamole and like tacos and stuff. I just cooked with one of the red onions today as well, I made a mushroom penne pasta thing.
00:16:35
IV2	What do you mean by roast pot, like, do you have more roast potatoes?
P11	Well I made like this thing, which is like a wild mushroom penne which, like, required… So like sauté onions in like, oil, so I used the oil and onions for that but with the roast potatoes, like, I didn’t use as much oil as if, like, I usually cook in tacos. When I cook with tacos I can use a whole bottle of oil. But there’s also not like terribly healthy, so. So I went a little bit light, really, with the oil, for health reasons I would say. So I didn’t use it up as, like, quick, as like the first week I had oil. So.
IV2	Did you think your behaviour changed somehow as a result of having the system?
P11	Maybe in the sense of, like, I know I had red onions I needed to use, so I used to integrate those in my dishes, but because red onions to me is, kind of, like, a staple or the liking thing, like too big or, like, nothing that I did, like, differently, except pretty much always have red onions in the house, so.
IV1	And so you wouldn’t say that you consume more of this?
P11	No, no. No I wouldn’t say so. Nothing extra, if anything I've felt during the study that I didn’t consume a lot of oil or a lot of red onions, like. [Overtalking] a whole wad but I think that’s pretty normal actually for me. Yes, I think, like, not liking I don’t use like those particular items, I use them the most out of all things, but I don’t like, you know, use a lot of things a lot if that makes sense? So.
00:18:14
IV2	Yes, no [unclear].
P11	So, like for [unclear] or purchasing that’s how much I would use. So.
IV1	Any new habits that you form maybe in the…?
P11	I don’t know, I mean I've been a bit more like, thoughtful, like, just thinking about, like, my approach to like buying food a lot more lately. The system, yes, just thinking about, like, my style of, kind of, like I like to stock up on spices and stock up on things and then, like, how often I use a thing. It’s now, like, I'm starting to think about as well, so but that’s, kind of, like, I think, just for myself I've been thinking about it. So yes, it’s a bit of a funny one really. You start like, looking at, like, what you do, hmmm why did I do that, or does that work, or you know? Things like that, so I've just been a bit more thoughtful, I think about what I do.
IV2	Did the region of delivery or the length of travel affect your decision? Remember you got the…?
P11	Actually, no. For some reason that, like, I just didn’t care about that too much. Like, for me I just, I don’t know, I thought in terms of like immediate me. So like, when the one time it said oh you can have sunflower oil in six days, like, I kind of, because I think like travel time is probably an eco-thing. You know, so at that point I kind of, threw the eco stuff out the window, I was like I need this oil [unclear]. Even though to be fair I wasn’t actually there for the [overtalking].
00:19:46
IV2	And yes that was that time [unclear].
P11	So I have like, competing, competing priorities for different things. Or like you try to do something like, well and then it doesn’t quite work exactly. I keep thinking is this going to work, so, yes. It’s a bit of a silly one. I think I realise just how comical my food persons are after the study, actually, so my approaches.
IV1	I guess so, yes. I don’t know, food is very tough, it’s very variable every day and it’s like very fragile, so like for me it can change within like a few minutes. Plan a meal and you go shopping and then I don’t know, somebody calls you something or you read something and then it’s already too late.
P11	Exactly, yes. Or like, you're hungry for one thing one day and then you stop from that one thing, and like, but like, I'm now I'm [unclear] I don’t want any more pasta. So, like I don’t know. It would have been, like, I mean it was funny because I was actually thinking about the study and how, like, I really love Dr Pepper and how I would have like, if it would have been like a study where, like, it was, like…
IV2	I mean the drink.
P11	Yes, the drink, I really love that drink, I drink it quite regularly and I thought that would have been a really good one. Also would have been a really bad one because then I would have drunk a lot of Dr Pepper. So, you know it would have been quite dangerous in that sense.
00:21:07
IV1	I think what’s encouraged you to have [overtalking].
P11	Probably, I have a feeling I would have drank a little bit more, maybe. But yes, I think because, it was, kind of, like the nature of it being, kind of, like the table top, like outside the fridge things, that, kind of, changes, like, the thing in that sense. But I would imagine it being like if the scale I did something where, like, it sees use by dates and stuff like that and then reorder once it knows, like, you’re out by use by date. That would be quite useful, like, that would be something like, I would be quite interested in. And I heard there was, like, refrigerators, now that have cameras in them and then you can like, from an app see, like, what your expiration dates are and stuff like that. That sounded quite cool to me, really. Like, very advanced, probably expensive but very cool like, that’s like a thing now as well.
IV2	What kind of advantage do you see in such a system that also uses by date?
P11	I'd say, like, mainly like there’s been times that I've wanted to cook meat dishes, because, like, I'd make minced beef, like [unclear] and salmon, like some chicken and then sometimes, like, I didn’t finish up the rest of it. But like you can then check the use by date. Like, I plan and buy all the other things because I think I have that one particular thing and then when I get home, I'm like, oh my gosh it’s expired and I'm like, I can’t, like, either I have to cook something else, like on the spot or I have to like, go out and like, buy something else, that same day. So, I mean normally I find a way to troubleshoot it, but you know, otherwise how am I inconvenient, like meat, in particular, use by dates.
00:22:46
IV1	Could you mention that such a system like this one could help you to be more sustainable somehow?
P11	I think so, yes. Yes, I mean it’s a bit of a tough one really. I guess sustainable in the sense of like, it not letting you know, like how far away your food is, like, but the thing is I didn’t operate on that. So I don’t know if that just means I'm not eco enough or what. But I did, yes, I saw that, and I felt like that was nice, see how far away it was and there was the time where I felt quite bad, because I think it was the grape seed oil, that said it was quite… I think it said, like, able to use a lot of eco miles, I could get in a day. And I just, kind of, thought, well [overtalking]. So yes, it’s a bit of a funny one really.
IV1	Yes, that’s interesting actually. So one way in which we would envision is for example, that you would never have to double buy stuff, or you go out and you are not sure if you have oil and then you buy… I mean for oil it doesn’t matter because it lasts for ages, right, but for the onions for example, that you would like not go out and buy too many onions.
P11	Yes. I used all my three. I mean I think what will be good about it is, like, when people maybe set their preferences, I don’t know, if there will be some sort of, like, I mean I would think, like, I don’t know. Nudge or something, to like encourage them to like, I don’t know, see through the eco thing because, like, I mean though like I reflected, and I thought, oh it’s really, like, [unclear] like, using all these eco oils, like grape seed oil [overtalking] I'm not there for the delivery. 
00:24:41
	Which is probably just a me thing, I'm not sure. You know, I think that, like maybe, like there could be… I mean I know that avocado leaves, like colour coding and stuff for deliveries, so you take green for, like, eco and then it’d be like it’s cheaper as well and then like as you do, like more, further away delivery as it gets more expensive and it’s like in the colour red. So essentially, like maybe, colour coding, that could be used or even, kind of, like, if you have people like do a pre-pledge that they like, sign saying oh I'm going to, like, you know. Like, be very eco and just something like that and then see if they actually can like, see that, through because, it’s kind of, like, I don’t know, for me it’s like I want to be eco but then, like, you do your day-to-day life and then you go oh hey, I need grape seed oil. And then you completely change for that one moment and then oh it’s okay, it’s just this one time. You know, because you realise that maybe you approach things like that most of the times. So, yes.
IV2	Yes, no it doesn’t make sense. Interesting, I find it interesting that you mention the pre-pledge or the colour coding. Do you think that, do you mean that because I mentioned nudging before do you think that’s a way that could…?
P11	Yes, I would say so. The reason I say that is like, I've read some books and psychology books, saying if you have someone pre-sign a pledge they might be feel bit a more guilty or something like that, about.
IV2	Which is [overtalking].
00:26:16
P11	Which I guess, you know, I guess the guilt this is like that to an extent, I mean, you know the study for me has made me more hyper aware of like how I use food and stuff, which like, for some people can be stressful, but for me I find it’s like a learning opportunity.
IV1	Oh cool.
P11	So like, but you know, I guess like, you'd have to like play with the tone of voice or, kind of, understand your audience and how they see these things, because like maybe some people don’t care, but like, you know. I care to an extent but then, you know, if I would have known that, like, I wouldn’t have been there in three days to actually get the delivery and I might as well just gotten the sunflower oil at that point, you know. But I think that’s, kind of, knowing myself. So.
IV1	No, that’s okay. Were you keeping an eye on the budget?
P11	Not really, the reason being is because like, I mean I know that the onions are quite expensive, I think it was like 6lbs for like one of my first orders and then the oil. Actually, if I think about it, when I did login and it said I could get sunflower oil, I'm like, x number of days, which just like seemed far away. Or was it… No I'm sorry, like the uncertain are, like, actually rethink that, because I think I did look at the price and like I think I may have also have made a decision on the price as well, actually. Because I think the grape seed oil was actually like, cheaper. I think it was like £1 for the grape seed oil or something. 
00:27:46
	So I think I did make a decision on that and I also thought, well, you know, I wanted grape seed oil, kind of, anyway. You know, for a while. So I think that that was the one time that I actually made a decision based off of price was when I went in there manually, the grape seed oil. So yes.
IV1	Okay. I think we already talked about this but was there maybe another time where the system did not work as you expected? Apart from the one glitch?
P11	No besides, those that seemed, like, fine to me, really. Yes, no I accept that glitch, it all seemed to like work the right way. I think maybe I should have engaged maybe a bit more with it.
IV1	Yes, why, in what way?
P11	Probably because, like, there’s a lot of options you can do in there. I mean you can change your priority level or you can actively sit in it and change based off of price or change off of the eco stuff. But for me I was very hands off of it, which I wonder if I'd been a bit more hands on with it, I may have actually been there for my order or something like that, you know. Or maybe I would have like, planned out my meal in the sense of going with a cheaper onion that took longer to get to me or something like that, but I guess I just, kind of, used it the way that I would normally use something like that I would say.
IV2	Yes, which is great.
00:29:17
P11	Very, very hands off and just, kind of, letting it, like do it’s thing. And then letting myself do my thing but, yeah it was, kind of, a bit of a probably planned things out better.
IV1	Very interesting actually. Did you feel like you were in control of certain things now?
P11	Yes, I did, I mean I felt in control in the sense of, like, I knew how the system worked and I knew, like, when I would hit a certain point, both the items, when it would re-order. So I think like those two things, like, allowed me to, like feel in control. I guess the times that I didn’t feel in control was like the delivery, was the delivery times.
IV2	Oh when it was set and then set in stone and…
P11	Yes, exactly, I would say that would all be pretty hard, because, like, I think when, like, I made plans, I'm like oh wait I've got that delivery of red onions and I thought, oh my flat mates will probably open the door and then they didn’t, or they weren’t there or something like that. So, I probably should have, like talked to them. But, like, I don’t know, we kind of have a disturb not like, kind of, interacting each other, like, and because we don’t really know each other’s schedules, variable. So I didn’t want to like, kind of, push the study on anybody if you know what I mean?
00:30:28
IV1	Yes, yes, probably.
P11	Just be like, under the radar and something like, not bothering people. So, but and then I wasn’t always home unfortunately, so.
IV1	What do you think are benefits for you having this system?
P11	I think for me, like I like the idea of stuff, like, just being brought to me. I guess the problem is making sure I'm there at the time set on actually there for it. But I do like the idea of stuff being, like, brought straight to me and I like that I can, like, set the level of when I wanted stuff to be re-ordered. Like, you know, when I have one red onion left, I know I need to go out and buy another one. When I have a certain amount of oil left, like I know I need to go out and buy another one. And I like that the system could, like take that into consideration and like, automatically do that for me. But I think it would work quite well with, like, I mean, I can’t help but think it would work quite well, with like, a larger family or something like that. Where they actually had to plan their meals out. Whereas, like, I think for a single person, like me, it’s like a lot harder to, like, I think plan your, you know, your days out and like stuff, because I'm a bit more social and I like to make plans, like oh, you know, let’s meet up on Thursday. And that wasn’t the plan until today, so yes, I would say that, like, I liked it. It’s good in theory but I think like it’s more probably suited, to like, to me and can’t help but thinking like a family or something like that, where you, like, know the moms going to be home at a certain time or something like that, making family meals and then you can use up more of the things and stuff. So.
00:32:08
IV1	And limitations, what do you think are limitations apart from the delivery?
P11	I would say maybe like, a counter space in theory in the sense of like, like having to like, stick it on the counter and like, find space. Like, thankfully, I already, kind of, claimed some counterspace myself by just sticking my stuff over there. So I could hide it behind my things. But I would say that sort of thing is like counterspace. Like I couldn’t imagine like, having like those scales for like, loads of different stuff.
IV1	Yes especially like this [overtalking].
P11	Yes, like because it would be a lot of scales to keep track of really and you'd have to have the scales working properly. But I can imagine it for like, essential items, particularly like, I think, something like this will be really useful for like restaurants or something like that. Like, in a sense because you know, they have set meals and they always know they always have the same ingredients or same recipes and stuff. So like, I can’t help think it’s, like, more for, like, kind of, larger scale stuff than like smaller scale things. Like from my experience, I guess.
IV2	And was it an issue for you to place the things always on the same spot. Or was that…?
P11	Not really, because I had that wooden bowl for the red onions, I thought that was quite helpful, there was like a few times where I think the power of cable or something like [unclear].
00:33:33
IV1	Yes, I forget about that.
P11	Yes, that like went and sat on the scale [unclear] one time, I don’t know how that happened because I did tape it up.
IV2	Yes, yes.
P11	So I don’t know if my flat mate was like, playing around with it or something, I'm not really sure, but it all, like worked out besides that. I would just say, like, the counter space and like if you had something like that, like, I can’t imagine you having it for everything you own. I can imagine restaurants using that sort of thing. That’s just my perspective on it.
IV1	And did you use the system in other ways than intended?
P11	Not that I'm aware of, really, I don’t think so. I mean I just, kind of, used it. I mean because you couldn’t go on the system and go oh, you know, I need some salt and pepper, please change it. So I couldn’t do anything like that but that would have been interesting, to see, like, what I would have done because I think if it has that feature [unclear] to try to work it or something. So we'd all sort of give me, oh I must [unclear] pepper today. That would have been an interesting omelette but quite messy, I'm sure. So.

00:34:42
IV1	And what would you change about the system if you could improve it, so how could it be improved do you think?
P11	I'd say like if it had an app that like you didn’t have to like, manually login each time. I think that would, like, improve it a ton. I think there’s like much more that can be done, based off, like whatever goal, like the system had. Like, if the system was like, to get people to be more eco, I think it was like maybe, like messaging or things you could do to encourage people to do that. I don’t know if they’d listen, but that’s another question, but, you know, I think like, for me, you know, like I said there is a few times where I knew, ooh I'm not doing something totally eco-ey and I did it anyway. But I don’t know, when you're hungry sometimes though, you know, you just, kind of, order that thing. When it feels like it’s, kind of, like scarce I guess. For me that’s kind of what it was. 
	But yes, otherwise I think it was pretty nice actually. It would have been quite cool if it had a feature where you could just, like, choose something completely different than like the two items. That would have been quite interesting. And I probably would have logged in more if I could see that, but I guess like, just red onions and oil wasn’t terribly sexy. So [overtalking]. But it was like, oh, you know, I could try this like random, like oil that I've never used, like this chilli oil or something like, ooh that would be cool. Or like, oh you know, really want Dr Pepper, let me get that, it’s totally different than red onions but you know, like something like that would have been quite neat, I think.
00:36:29
IV1	So something that when you are on the website that you can see different, like, recommendations or something else or…?
P11	Yes, yes.
IV1	Think about emails and…?
P11	I think, like, I mean I just can’t help to think of like, kind of, the online grocery store things, like you would be quite cool with, when you, whatever your scale could be switch what the items are, like, completely change it, even if it’s nothing like a red onion, I might do, like, oh I need teabags and get that and then, like, switch it to something else, but I could if I'm just like ordering online or something. [Unclear] that story, I don’t know.
IV2	We just have a few more questions left, could you just tell me what you liked most on this and the trial about this system. What’s the best thing about it, for you?
P11	I liked the, like, it was smart enough to know when I needed to re-order things, I would say. Yes. And I like the idea that it was delivered to me. Obviously, it didn’t always work for my own schedule, that’s on me really, that’s nothing wrong with the system, that’s more like my own behaviour. Like making plans and order of onions.
IV2	Which is valid though, like.
00:37:40
P11	Yes possibly yes, exactly.
IV2	Like the theoretical model breaks down and…
P11	Like, for some reason I can’t also think that if I knew it was a big order of groceries, that like I would have been there for it, but I think because I thought oh it’s just some red onions, like my flat mate will probably open up the door, if that was okay. But I also think, you know, like I said, like normally when I have ordered online for groceries I've actually realised that I've done it like, really, really late, like 9pm when I know for sure I'm going to be home from work. Or like, on a weekend normally a Sunday night, because like everybody does on a Sunday night.
IV1	Yes, yes.
P11	So those were like the big things.
IV1	Yes. What was the thing that you most dislike?
P11	I guess, I don’t know, like the guilt, I feel when I'm not there for delivery, so that type of thing and then I just feel a bit like, silly, like oh yes. Like I knew, it told me that, you know, that and I felt like, but then I also felt that we're because it’s like who wants to, like, tell their boyfriend, like, you're not going to go to dinner now, because you have an order of onions, like. I just felt really awkward, so. [Overtalking] So that’s why I was just like, you know.
00:39:00
IV1	No, that’s interesting. Would you, could you imagine continuing this service?
P11	Yes, I guess I could imagine it, but I don’t know if I want to continue it in the capacity that I have and the sense of ordering and then not, like not being there. I think I've had enough experiences like that, over time, like that I probably would not, I would stop it as a service. And that’s nothing wrong with the service, that’s just me, like, I guess it’s not, like, I guess it’s not flexible, like really if you think about the service because you have to select the items and oh I can see those items.
IV1	Yes.
P11	You know, and then, like, it also, like you said, like the delivery time is quite solid and like if you have, like a change of plan, you have to be there. So.
IV	Yes.
P11	So I think like after a while, like I would get sick of it from that perspective, if that makes sense. It sounds, kind of, bad but it would probably the perspective I'd take to it, so.
IV1	Were you aware of the monitoring at all, that it’s like monitoring your two items?
P11	Yes, yes, I was pretty aware of that, you know, I know that I got to take how many there was, like that was fine for me. 
IV1	So no privacy, like issues, or that sort of thing?
00:40:24
P11	No I didn’t think so. I mean I didn’t think there was like a microphone, like in the scales or sort of, my cooking or something like that, I knew it was just kind of, like, monitoring how much food I had and to me that was fine because to me red onions and oil don’t seem very personal. They just seem like food items and that seems fine to me. It’s not like it’s monitoring my toilet paper, but to be fair, like that would actually have been quite useful to me.
IV2	Toilet paper?
P11	Yes, yes, because I live in a shared, like, flat and like we have to talk amongst each other about like who’s going to buy it next. So if the study would have let me use toilet paper, probably would have used up all the money [overtalking].
IV2	Which additional data do you think would have been useful if it would be captured or do you think… What else do you think would be, would have been like other sensors do you think would have been useful?
P11	That’s a good question. There’s nothing that really comes to mind quite frankly, I mean because I can’t think of any other way it would monitor things, besides, like, using weight scales, so there’s nothing I can think of that could have done differently, really except make you, allows you to change items or do… Like, paper towels would have been a good one, as well. But if it’s not a food item, as we go through paper towels like crazy and we have to switch in. So yes. 
IV1	Otherwise inconvenient to keep on top of the paper towels.
00:42:00
P11	I would say so. Yes, it is and like, they can get quite expensive as well. So that’s, like, another thing as well, but I mean it’s not a totally essential item and it’s not terribly eco, I guess. The fact that you're using paper towels but, you know. So.
IV2	Any other food item you think that it could work better with now, having experienced this?
P11	I don’t know, for some reason I would really like this kind of system for, I mean for me, like toiletry type things, like paper towels, toilet paper, like, cleaning, kitchen cleaning stuff. Like I can’t help with things I would love the scale for those kinds of things.
IV2	Why?
P11	Because it just, you don’t need to like buy them as often and then like when you need those items, like, and you don’t have them, it’s like much more negative, I think, than like if you didn’t have the food items. That’s my opinion of it. So, like those scales, like that’s the kind of usage that I think I would have really liked. Whereas for food it’s like when you do get the food in there, like, it’ll like, maybe change, like, what you can eat that week. Or, like, you know you have to use them up really quickly, whereas like with non-perishable items like that, it’s like, you know, like, I don’t know, I just feel like it would be perfect. 
00:43:22
IV2	I guess it didn’t… I mean you said for the toiletries and stuff you don’t need the flexibility I guess, when I think about it now, like when you use the paper and stuff you would always get the same anyway. So I guess the re-ordering service.
P11	Exactly, yeah. I think it’s yeah, that you wouldn’t need the flexibility as much and like I'm also not as attached by brand and type as well for those types of things. Yes and I don’t know, I can’t help but feel something like that would be perfect, whereas food is just a bit, it’s a bit of a funny one really. But for the way I used the service I can’t help but think non-perishables would be perfect for it, whereas perishable was, I found, to be a bit of a challenge. Maybe that sounds stupid but that’s my perspective on it, I guess.
IV1	What do you, sorry, I think you mentioned before you said it’s food is a funny one?
P11	Yes, it is because, like for me, it’s like my… I don’t know, like my kind of cravings change, like, you know, and it’s like maybe I have red fried onions, but, like, I know the dishes I can make, it’s like tacos or Mexican, but like maybe I'm in the mood for, like, you know, like roast potatoes or something like that. I mean you can use red onions with that but it’s not like a big thing in the dish. So that’s kind of, like, my perspective on that one and I think it’s a funny one as well, because, like I'll go out to eat with friends and then, like, I don’t want to stock up too much on perishable stuff in that sense. Because I know we will got out to eat with boyfriend, or like friends of mine. Or if I'm really tired after work and I don’t feel like cooking I'll like, do a delivery [unclear]. So like whereas toiletry stuff, like, you always need that.
00:45:15
IV2	Yes, so it makes sense.  Cool. What was your interest in participating in the study?
P11	I just thought it was quite a non-invasive study. It’s not like someone doing a flu shot or liked some [unclear] giving me the flu or something and you're like sitting at the bed for like, six months or something that. I don’t know it was quite interesting really and I was interested to see how I would use, like, the system. And, you know, it’s made me aware of, kind of, like, my rationalities with food purchasing, for better for worse so I'm definitely going to, like, you know, review that one myself but yes, I mean, for me, it’s like there are multiple times, like, we ran out of, like, paper towels, [whispering]. So there was like some items where I'm like, oh, why are we doing it for toilet paper and paper towels, why food.
IV2	It’s fascinating, yes whenever didn’t do it, I don’t know this study was so focused on food and food practices. So we don’t know, never thought about that, but actually… Although no, my colleague is thinking about doing that for like shower gel and shampoo and things like that.
P11	Yes, yes, exactly, yes, yes. So that was like, you know, one of those things. But I don’t know that just might be how I am in particular, I don’t know how other people are with the system, but like, for me it’s kind of, like, I will go out to eat with friends or I will do delivery, if I'm really too tired to cook.
	I did still, like, make things, I thought would make, but yes, I didn’t use as much as maybe like a family would use or something like that.
IV1	Cool, let us look at your data now.
IV2	Actually can I ask you a question? You had used the Abel and Cole before or are you currently using it, because you shared.
P11	No I did use it before, yes.
IV1	She said it in the [overtalking]. She wasn’t in the entry dimensions.
P11	That’s okay, yes, that’s fine.
IV2	Alright so let me see. So you once mentioned about that you are running low with the oil then it would have been nice to have a something, like, stocked or something.
P11	Yes, so there was one time that I had, I mean I have extra virgin olive oil and like, yesterday for example I needed to make some tacos, so I had to use the rest of the oil and then the extra virgin oil, I had to mix them which really, you're not actually supposed to do. But I was desperate for some tacos and I didn’t feel like going out. So yes, I did like fry the tacos and use something else that was there and had I just relied on the study completely and not had that extra bottle, though to be fair I had that extra bottle before the study. And like, I wouldn’t have had enough oil to make the tacos. 
00:47:58
IV2	So I was just curious if you continue using this, kind of, service not part of your study but you had such system that you can use, do you think, like, what would be the kind of thing that based on your experience would be make it more, how do you say, work better for you?
P11	Yes, for the oil in particular or just like anything?
IV2	Like, just in general.
P11	Yes, I would say non-perishable. Like I would love it if it was for something like.
IV2	Okay, so that you can stock up. Okay.
P11	Exactly. And so that would be like, a big thing for me, I would say.
IV1	I actually wanted to ask you what, made another program because you liking to stock up, it’s, kind of, so the re-ordering system is not great for your preferences to stock up, right? Because this is kind of, the idea here is you only have one thing and that when it runs down, then only you get a new thing, so that it would be a bit for your, like, how you feel comfortable with having things at home. You probably…?
P11	Yes, I think there is the comfort level, like I do, and I've talked to my boyfriend about this as well. 
00:49:00
	I do like to have things around, we've wondered if that’s maybe a cultural thing, because, like, I grew up in America and in America you stock up on like, stuff like that, food and things, you do like a big food shop, whereas he is much more buy it when you need it. So it’s like, I'm starting to wonder, like, you know, why I do that because it is a thing for me in particular. I do like to have more than have less because there is the… I don’t know if I have a scarcity mindset or something like if I don’t have it then…
IV1	But isn’t it maybe that in the sense it’s harder to get to a supermarket or you have to drive somewhere?
P11	Well yes, we used to have to drive, like 15 minutes and I couldn’t drive for years, so I don’t know if it’s like comes from that.
IV1	And that’s the States that you would have more space in the United States?
P11	Yes, you would have much more space for things as well. Yes. So I've been living in London for the past four years, so.
IV2	You've been living here?
P11	Yes, for the past four years, so it’s a bit like it is a very small kitchen. So, yes, I think the next place I go to I would like more space to put my stuff. That way I don’t feel like it’s all over the place, like as you see in the picture. There’s just not a lot of room. Yes, I like to think that I have stuff there, so I can use it when I need, versus like, I totally have to rely on that, like system. 
00:50:22
	And I wonder if it’s because I don’t trust technology, but you know. Maybe that’s an adjust… That would be an adjustment I would say for me to completely roll on.
IV1	Yes because you never know, always something can always go wrong like with the deliveries and then it’s annoying.
P11	Like when I wanted to make the tacos like, if I had to rely on, like, the total number of days and I knew I had like no oil at all, I'm like, I would have to go to the shop because otherwise I couldn’t make what I needed to make. 
IV2	But like just to be more a bit to speculate it, would it have been worth it if you have a, you know, have one extra ready and then just in addition to using the system but you also have…
P11	That’s a good point, I didn’t think of that, I didn’t think of that, actually. Yes that would, that would probably [overtalking]. Yes, I think like, the idea of relying on just that one, I like to think of back up, for me at least. So maybe in the system that would have looked, like, different. But I'm probably very silly I'm sure.
IV1	No it’s definitely very interesting for us. Everyone is, kind of, a bit different and any idea of others.

00:51:33
IV2	So actually I'm very curious about, like, you mentioned about you are going to reviewing your style, how you go about, like, the shopping and you only little, kind of, mentioned it, but is there that you can, kind of, elaborate more and tell us more about what stuff you are thinking about?
P11	I think for me, like, I just thought a lot about how much of the food do I use. I mean there is sometimes when I'll buy lettuce or something like that and I actually don’t use any of it before it’s expiration date. And I'm, like, oh my gosh, why did I forget to use lettuce. And then there’s more like white tapas and then I went out to eat with friends and I'm, like, that’s kind of waste of money, it’s actually, like wasteful. So I kind of hyper aware of how wasteful I am. So I'm going to try to approach it quite gently, actually. 
	Because you don’t want to get too stressed out about how badly you approach purchasing things, if that makes sense. Because I don’t think that I quite figured out what to purchase and how to purchase it in a sustainable way as a single person. I quite struggle with that really, because it’s like hard to eat all the food because most things are packaged in quite big packages. And I can’t eat that much, you know, but you still want different ingredients, like spice the meal. So I do feel that I don’t use all my food. I guess, like, maybe me and my flatmates could share food, but we just never had a system like that. And then also they’ve, like, left stuff to rot in the fridge as well. And then I have to throw it out, so it’s a bit like, I don’t know if it’s shared accommodation stuff but it’s much more difficult. 
00:53:12
	Maybe, if, like, I was living with my boyfriend it would be a lot different, but yes, because I've, kind of, on my own and trying to figure it out. I think I would just kind of bumble through, purchasing stuff in general. So, yes, trying to figure it out.
IV1	Yes, it’s not easy. I think most people it’s just not easy to find this balance, like convenience and then I think definitely the packaging is always either the same, that you, kind of, just need like two fourths of it and then you have a little bit left or something and then like, oh what do you do with it.
P11	Yes, yes. I mean it’s interesting because my boyfriend, like, he lives with his parents still and his parents cook all his meals for him, so he never actually has to worry about any of the stuff I have to worry about. They will critique what I do and go oh you should do it this way, you should do it that way. I'm like, wait a second, you moved out of uni, you moved back in with your parents. He’s telling me how to do things. It’s not that easy. So yes, you know, you can have your opinions but like, I guess, how it happens and why, you know, it happens.
IV2	Cool, so yes, I think your data is quite interesting because we can totally see, understand it, I don’t know. Was this when you did the tech this year, oh I know the packaging was… So basically, I think here was when the battery was low, and this is the oil and then.
P11	Is there one time I used all the oil straightaway and then that was when I made the tacos.
00:54:37
IV2	Yes, so might have been here.
P11	Is this the oil because this is what I did the roast potatoes, so you see it like I used a little, little, little, kind of thing.
IV2	Yes, interesting, yes.
P11	So that was like, and that must have been tacos and then, and then oil. Roast potatoes.
IV1	The onions are a bit random, so I think you didn’t really use, I don’t know.
P11	Yes.
IV1	It’s read from the data, it’s like…
P11	So I think this was when I, is this when I got it or is this like before I had them and then I got it at that point.
IV1	Yes, this is probably that you got it.
P11	Because I used like two of them, I was down like that, and then I think I used the last one, on, like, roast potatoes and then I got a new thing of it and then like, I only finished them off towards the end. I just used an onion today and the day before.
IV1	Yes. Onion [overtalking].
P11	Yes, so I did like have a bit of a time where I didn’t …


  
P12exit_1
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer 1
P12_f	Second female
P12_m	First male
IV2	Interviewer 2
UM	Unidentified Male

00:00:00
IV1	Thank you for coming. So first can you tell us about how you think the system works like you will explain to your friend?
P12_f	Okay, I explained it two ways to friends. One was why can't the rest of my kitchen work like this because it's amazing.
IV1	Amazing in what way?
P12_f	It was… We have very busy lives and top-up shopping can get a little bit complicated because I'm charging around between work and picking the kids up, and there's always somewhere else that we need to be. And the two products that we chose, the coffee beans and the pasta, are two things that we tend to run out of at inconvenient time. So not running out of them was fantastic.
	So we explained to friends that we had two unobtrusive scales in the kitchen that the containers for our coffee beans and pasta were on the scales, and that whenever we dropped below a specified weight it would trigger a delivery.
	And we had a text and an email alert to say a delivery was being triggered and we had the option to go and change something if we needed to.
IV1	I see. Have you changed anything?
P12_f	No.
IV1	Okay, why you didn't?
P12_f	Because I think the convenience factor was the bit that we were loving. So the fact that I'd get an alert saying essentially you need more coffee and then another alert saying it's on its way; that did the job for me. I think if we were continuing with it I'd have played with the parameters about what sort of pasta a bit more, but that was for silly things. So like if we had fusilli in one delivery and then penne in the next they can cook at slightly different times, so then mixing those… You know, it would have been things like that that I think we'd have changed, but it wasn't enough to make me make time to log in and change it.
00:02:22
IV1	Okay, I see. So actually you kind of started talking about a little bit of your experience, but also I'd like to hear more about your experience with the system for the past four weeks in general. How was your experience?
P12_f	What did you think?
P12_m	I think coffee was amazing.
P12_f	Yes. With the pasta kind of… Because it's me that cooks in the week which is when we tend to have pasta. The pasta I probably noticed more than you but not running out of coffee was brilliant.
P12_m	We tend to run out of coffee more often than we run out of pasta bizarrely.
P12_f	Well that's because you make coffee and you don't tell me it was the last of the beans. And actually I think that's one of the things about our experience of it. We are very busy and we're doing things at different times so the time to say oh next time you're in a shop can you please get coffee, pasta etc. is the bit that gets lost.
IV1	I see, okay.
P12_f	So Daniel might make a pot of coffee, a second pot of coffee on a Sunday and that's the end of the beans, but I wouldn't know that until I went to make coffee on Monday morning.
00:03:43
IV1	Okay, I see. So actually it's interesting that you mentioned… How do I say? You often get… Run out of things but with the system it sounds like you didn't have that kind of incident.
P12_f	No.
IV1	No or not once or…?
P12_f	No, it worked really well for us and in fact I went shopping this morning and I had to double back on myself to go and pick up some coffee beans because I suddenly remembered that you were coming today and that was the end of the coffee top-up.
IV1	I see, okay.
P12_f	And I think adapting back to it, that's going to be interesting.
IV1	I see. So other than the one thing that you mentioned that you are… You won't run out of the coffee was there any kind of changes because of the… Having the system?
UM	There's even this one that we had more pasta.
IV1	More pasta, really?
P12_m	You ate more pasta?
UM	Yes.
P12_f	Do you think so?
UM	Yes.
P12_f	Oh. I noticed I was more irritated about running out of other things. So like on Thursday night I thought oh we could have some rice with that as well when Rose came round, but when I went to the rice pot daddy had cooked the last of the rice but hadn't said either we need rice or gone and bought any. So that was doubly frustrating.
IV1	So actually it's interesting that Simon mentioned that he ate more pasta.
P12_m	I don't think that's actually true.
IV1	Okay. Yes because we had other participants also sharing similar experiences, that because the product is getting delivered so they have been to cook more. So…
P12_f	I'm trying to think, I should have kept meal plan. I don't think so, I think it was nice as a comfort knowing that if it was say four o'clock on a Tuesday and I'm finishing up my last meeting at work, ready to leave the office at five, what should I feed the kids at six?
	Oh it's alright, there'll be some pasta and I can figure the rest out, but that's why I say it then started to make me dream of a world where all of my basic foodstuffs could be like so I could have some scales for butter and…
P12_m	Butter?
P12_f	Yes and what else?
P12_m	What would you put scales on?
UM	Toys.
P12_f	Toys?
P12_m	Lego.


00:06:28
P12_f	Lego, do you Lego [unclear]. Well actually your snacks, like that would be a good one. A way that kind of said oh no, there's not enough take to school snacks for the week. Rice, lentils, tea.
UM	No, just tea.
P12_f	Cooking oil.
IV1	What did you think about the system? Do you know about the system that you are having for the next four weeks? For the last four weeks?
UM	I only just noticed the technology that was placed just today.
IV1	Really?
P12_f	No it was yesterday.
IV2	No way, really?
P12_f	Yes, yesterday he suddenly said what is this black box?
IV2	Oh crazy.
P12_f	And I said I can't believe you haven't noticed it for four weeks. Simon's normally very observant. There was a lot of interest. I think it suited us very well partly because we're Internet shoppers anyway and because we're veg box shoppers. So we're quite used with a lot of the things that we buy to not having final control over the brand or the sort.
	So with our fruit and vegetable, I think as I said initially as well, I'd never get round to logging in to see what's coming. We have a conversation on a Friday night to say what was in the veg box. So that whole thing suited us.
IV1	I see. Actually it kind of made me curious, that. So I kind of know that from the first interview I learnt that you have a veggie box and that you got eggs. Also you have… Regularly get your meat delivered, so fruit, vegetables, eggs, milk I think and also the meat. So many things you are already kind of getting delivered and then this time you chose penne, the pasta, and coffee, so it was interesting that you were thinking about more basic items that get delivered. You mentioned butter, but was there any item…
P12_f	Oh I would love toilet roll, cleaning products, cat food. What else was I thinking of the other day?
UM	You said fruit.
P12_f	Fruit? No, fruit comes in the fruit and veg box.
P12_m	It came yesterday didn't it?
00:09:02
P12_f	You saw it when it came. Yes and then I mean it would also be really useful… So we're quite keen cooks. I don't know whether you can smell but that's dinner already roasting away and to do that I made a spice mix. So I've realised we've run out of cayenne pepper now and we've run out of cumin seeds and almost out of coriander seeds. Now those are things that we tend to buy if we're in Brixton or Tooting and we go to the shop and buy them because we haven't found a delivery system that would trigger it.
	But in many ways being able to register those things that we use less frequently, but when we use it we might make the decision because we happen to be in a supermarket and there's a really good price on a shoulder of lamb. Which is what happened this morning in a supermarket, so then I come home and think oh what should I make it? I'm sure we'll have all those things because we always have them. There's not quite enough.
	So I think that's what I like about the fruit and veg box, is that I know that we're going to have fruit and veg in for the week and the same with the meat. The cat litter we have delivered on an Amazon subscribe. So when Geraldine was in nappies we did those on a subscribe so we're quite… I think we're quite reliant on technology to run our lives.
P12_m	Without a doubt.
P12_f	Well anyone would think you were a tech person.
IV1	So the… In general the order, reordering, automatically reordering for your pasta and coffee, how each of them worked for the reordering?
00:11:05
P12_f	It just worked. We never ended up with too much. I never ended up trying to store… I mean that's the other thing, we live in a small space so I can't buy huge quantities of something. So one… After you'd left when you'd set it up, my kind of only reservation was what if I end up with, you know, seven bags of pasta? Where on earth am I going to put that? And that didn't happen so the quantity was just right and we were right in our guessing about the level…
IV1	Of the autonomy. Actually I was curious, how did the autonomy level work for you?
P12_f	Yes I loved… I just loved not having to think about it. I loved to go to one set of thought processes and then being able to cross off… Like most women the family treats me as some kind of Outlook, Excel calendar, rememberer, sorter outer. You know, I need this today, there it is person. And being able to cross one small thing off that… The more of that I could do in my life; the more of my brain I can use for other things.

00:12:33
IV1	I see. So it's interesting that first before you're using the system then you're kind of thinking what if you end up like multiple kind of pasta or… So do you think the system knowing when you are running out of and like how it took for the delivery, how did that work for you do you think?
P12_f	Yes, that was fine. There was one incident when the pasta level was low and I do remember thinking as I put the box back I need to make sure that's going to soon because I'd cooked a lot of the sauce thinking it would be a very quick tea like in two days time when I knew we were going to have a very busy day. And I remember thinking then if it says it's not going to come until Saturday or whatever I need to go and change that.
	And by a fluke the time it said it was going to come was fine, but the other thing I really valued was the fact that when the text message said it would arrive at this time on this day it did. I didn't have to chase any deliveries. When we weren't here they left it in the appropriate place. The couriers, some of them were desperate to know what we were having delivered in brown paper bags.
IV2	Did you tell them?
P12_f	No, I just left them hanging. Where would the fun be in telling them? But I think that was really important. I needed to trust that the delivery that the system said was coming would come when it would.
00:14:17
IV1	I see. So you mentioned that the… So…
P12_f	This… When they're transcribing this that will be a nightmare.
UM	What happened?
IV1	So actually I'm curious that you find the information about when it will be delivered was useful. Was there any other information that you check when you get messages or email?
P12_f	No, I found it very interesting that I relied on the texts rather than the emails.
IV1	Why it find… Why you find it interesting?
P12_f	I think it's because I run one, two, three, four, five email accounts in different parts of my life.
IV1	Okay. Every day?
P12_f	Yes, so two push to my phone and three I check from my phone. So my smartphone is my absolute lifeline and the idea of not having a smartphone actually gives me the sweats because I don't know how I'd do it all. I found that the emails I tended to ignore because in my head I'd already triaged the text. So the text comes through and says this is what I'm about. I don't need to do anything else and the email was confirmation.
00:15:54
	I think had I been having issues with the delivery or what was supposed to be arriving was arriving wrong or at the wrong time I'd have wanted to be able to reply to the email to investigate that.
IV1	I see, okay. So in the message there was information about the… Where the product is coming from. Like do you remember like the local depot and remote depot?
P12_f	No, didn't care about that.
IV1	Okay, how about price? Did you care?
P12_f	Again kind of… I'm just trying to think. No, I would only look at what was coming and what time it was coming.
IV1	And then there was important… Enough, it was… Yes okay. Was there…
P12_f	Because I… And again I think that goes back to my thing. If I hadn't have been happy I'd have gone and fiddled with the preferences but because I was getting what the preferences that I'd set up said I should be getting I was happy. I think if we were using it on a bigger scale I'd have anticipated a month of slight chaos while we sorted out what was coming when and I did wonder when I was thinking about that about how that would change. How it would potentially limit the variety of food that we ate if it was all turning up the same all of the time.
	So for example as a family we a lot… They eat a lot of yoghurt. I try… Well no, that's not true. I reflexively buy the yoghurts that I know they eat and but I'll make a decision based on the offer on those yoghurts. But every so often I think they need to have a change and then I'll stop for a moment in the supermarket and think actually maybe we'll try that, maybe we'll try the other. I think that's one of the reasons that if I take my husband into a supermarket he's capable of spending the GDP of a small country by the time we get to the till because he particularly like special offers and try and oh I haven't seen that. Or let's have one of those, it looks nice and you love supermarkets.
P12_m	Yes.
IV1	So actually interesting that you mentioned about the variety and so while you had this system deliver the coffee and the pasta was the [unclear] you used to buy those things like before changed because of this thing just automatically sending you?
P12_f	I don't know. I did wonder actually whether it stopped attritional spending. So the top-up thing I mentioned earlier, Daniel comes home from work typically late. 
	If we are running out of something that I've noticed I will text him and say please go and buy cat food. Daniel will come home with a carrier bag full of shopping because he'd been into the Co-op and it… Well that was just a pound and that was on offer, and I thought this looked nice food. And I did wonder whether if all of our basic foodstuffs were coming like that and I wasn't texting him to say please go to the supermarket how much money that would save us over the course of a year.
IV1	I see. No, actually that's interesting.
P12_f	You know, but then I was thinking about it this morning, I could set up… We have an Ocado account, I could set up a regular Ocado delivery I think, but I've never done it and I'm wondering why I never have.
IV1	Yes, I'm curious because you…
P12_f	Yes and I think it's that push to make it happen and the time to kind of think it through, but having experienced this I think I probably will set up like a monthly here are the things that we typically need to buy if I can. It'd be interesting to try it.
P12_m	Yes.
P12_f	Keep you out of the supermarket.
P12_m	Oh you don't want to do that. I like going to Co-op.
00:20:54
P12_f	You don't just like going to Co-op though, you like going to Sainsbury's. Put my husband in Waitrose he's in seventh heaven.
P12_m	[Unclear].
IV1	So was there any change for you because of having this system?
P12_m	Only that I know, knew, [unclear] there would be coffee which is very good.
IV1	So with coffee I'm curious also, do you buy kind of the same coffee brand all the time or you…
P12_m	No.
P12_f	I don't think, and I said this in the initial one as well, we are so unbothered about brand. The only thing…
P12_m	Strength.
P12_f	Strength, yes. The only thing I think we would only buy the brand devotional is the Ribena.
P12_m	Ribena, yes.
00:21:44
IV2	The what?
P12_m	Ribena.
P12_f	Squash.
IV2	Okay.
P12_f	Blackcurrant squash. I have tried buying own brand versions [overtalking].
IV2	It's incredible that they do that.
P12_f	[Overtalking] and the cat has just walked all over the keyboard and the allergic researcher. Sorry.
IV1	Want to participate.
P12_m	Wants attention.
P12_f	No, we are not brand driven.
IV1	I see. Actually I was wanting to ask you about… You mentioned one thing and then I think I also kind of noticed, you one time had fusilli instead of penne. So how did you think about that order because…
P12_f	I think that was the time because it lives in a big box. It lives in a big pot and I do remember thinking I can't just top the pot up because it's a different shape, but then the one, the last one that came, I just shoved it in there anyway, I just decided I didn't care enough.
00:23:03
IV1	So other than the container… Putting… That issue was… Were you… How do you feel about getting kind of…
P12_f	A different shape? Not bothered but I don't eat it.
IV1	You don't eat it? Why?
P12_f	Because I'm gluten-free, so we actually have two pasta sauces in the house because there's the gluten-free for me and then the normal pasta that they eat. And I have now run out of gluten-free pasta which is less easy sometimes to get hold of.
IV1	I see. So let me ask you a question. So the fusilli one you didn't eat it because it wasn't gluten-free?
P12_f	No, I don't eat the normal pasta; I only eat gluten-free food. So the children get what they're given and if it's bows one day, penne the next time and fusilli the next time…
IV1	I see. So you and children were okay with… Yes?
00:24:12
P12_M	It's fine, we don't mind what shape the pasta is usually, no.
IV1	I see. So actually I'm curious though, you…
P12_f	So hang on, so you say you like slurpies so do you think we ate less… You ate less spaghetti because we were having pasta shapes delivered instead of spaghetti?
UM	Yes.
IV1	So he said he ate less spaghetti?
P12_f	Actually you're absolutely right. You haven't had spaghetti in four weeks because the spaghetti wasn't going to be delivered. So yes, there was a change because the spaghetti's in a different container because it's a completely different shape. And I don't think I have served them spaghetti because I knew that the other one would come and there would always be enough of the other one.
IV1	I see. Okay, interesting. So now knowing that and if you continue using this system how would you kind of in a way [overtalking]?
P12_f	Balance that, yes. More scales.
IV1	And then also you would… And so I was actually curious about… So would it be an idea that you wanted to choose different types of like pasta so that…
00:25:39
P12_f	Possibly, I think that if we were continuing having just realised that, which shows how busy the last four weeks have been, spaghetti would probably have changed treat status and it probably would have been you Daniel that would suddenly say we're not having pasta shapes, we're having some spaghetti. That would probably then mean you'd been somewhere and bought some incredibly expensive artisanal…
P12_m	Probably.
P12_f	Spaghetti.
IV1	Were you getting any texts or email about the order?
P12_m	No.
P12_f	I thought we'd set you up to get email but you didn't report any.
P12_m	No [unclear].
IV2	Why, you were not interested or you forgot it?
P12_m	I don't know, we thought you would set up both.
P12_f	Just because you don't take any responsibility for [inaudible].
00:26:35
P12_m	I'm not here very much apart from the weekend, am I?
P12_f	Well it's autonomous; the whole point is you don't need to be here.
P12_m	Then there's no point knowing it's coming.
P12_f	Yes and actually that there, Daniel would say there's no point knowing it's coming because it's not him that needs to think about those things. He just arrives home and I say that's what you're… You know, so actually this is what the children have left you to eat. There's your dinner.
IV1	So have you visited the website?
P12_f	Only today.
IV1	Today, okay.
P12_f	No, I did look at it initially and then I haven't… See I thought that was the bit you might have been interested in, is the interface.
P12_m	Probably.
P12_f	But you haven't… You had a look at it when it was set up, said oh that's interesting and then went back to other things.
IV1	I see. So…
P12_f	Daniel designs or manages big website development projects, so the whole usability thing.
00:27:51
IV1	Maybe it… After the interview, show you the website and get some… Okay, actually so let me ask you a question about more kind of… That is based on your experience. Is there any… So you mentioned convenience and so on. Was there any potential like benefit that you think you will get from the system other than that you mentioned?
P12_f	Other than convenience? I think if it was running over a longer period I think we would save money.
IV1	Okay, why?
P12_f	Because the attritional spending would be reduced but also…
UM	I helped him. I bashed it…
P12_f	The other ways that we shop, once we've set a parameter like that we just operate inside that parameter, but if you put us in a shop with a Visa debit card we completely ignore our normal parameters. So I think over the long term it would definitely save us money because there'd have to be a big set of thoughts about what we wanted to compromise on and where. And that would be really…
	Like reporting on that would be really interesting. You know, it'd always be hint if you got more funding you could do it on a bigger scale hint. We'd be very excited, but it'd almost be interesting to run like a quarter's worth and then pull our supermarket spend from a comparable quarter and look at what we'd actually spent on food and groceries.
P12_m	That'd be very interesting.
P12_f	It would, particularly because like this morning it's the end of the month so I went to Aldi this morning because I know it's better value for money, but there are some things I can't buy in Aldi like gluten-free pasta and that sort of thing. But yes, it would be really interesting to compare like three months' worth of grocery shopping on our normal pattern against three months when all of our essentials were autonomous. And identifying what those essentials really are. It's like frozen peas, that kind of thing.
P12_m	Yes, but you couldn't get frozen peas delivered by courier.
P12_f	Why not?
P12_m	They'd melt.
P12_f	Pipers Farm does frozen and that doesn't melt.
P12_m	That's true.
IV1	[Unclear]. So you mentioned a little more kind of positive things about the system but now kind of to reflect on what was something that you think it didn't… How to say? It didn't work as you expected?
00:31:10
P12_f	No and I was thinking about this this morning and thinking there wasn't anything about it that I found negative. What about you?
P12_m	No.
P12_f	No. I didn't find the equipment obtrusive; I didn't mind that things had to be the same place on the shelves. No there wasn't. Go on.
P12_m	Yes, it'd be interesting to build it into the container [unclear].
P12_f	No, I was thinking about that. I just want like a shelf overlay and then I was thinking I need to talk to the guys at the Graphene Institute because if you could have like a scale that unrolled with zones, so then you could just map it and then these is my dried goods. And then RFID tag the containers so it would know if it'd been moved. That would work quite well.


00:32:13
IV1	Actually it's interesting that you mentioned RFID. So actually so we are tracking in a way that the two items of your food consumption… Were you kind of aware about the fact it being kind of tracked?
P12_f	Monitored? No and I did wonder at the start whether it meant that I would think oh are they going to think that I only feed my children pasta? But then life took over and I didn't care.
IV1	There wasn't any kind of privacy related issue? Okay.
P12_f	No, not at all. I didn't… No it wasn't because again there wasn't anything… None of the data you were collecting was actually judging how or what. You didn't know how many people we were feeding. You didn't know whether they were having a nutritionally balanced sauce with it or whether they were eating pasta in tomato ketchup. They were having nutritionally balanced…
IV1	So was there anything that you particularly, other than you already mentioned, particularly liked or like disliked about the system?
P12_f	No, I don't think so.
IV1	Is there any improved that was… That you can think about to make it more fit to your household?
00:33:44
P12_f	I think only I would be really excited if it was being scaled up and I'd be really… Before we did this I was a bit nervous about the whole Internet of things idea and I was a bit wary of the whole fridge talking to you. I wasn't convinced either that it would work or that it would just be one of those gimmicks that you'd have an initial time and money outlay on and then you would spend your whole time rebelling against it because there was something telling you what to do.
	Having done this I'm much more open to the idea that we'll one day have a fridge which is connected to the Internet, that knows what's in it and a freezer than knows what's in it, and that I could set up parameters around that which would be under our control. But I think that would be really important. I wouldn't sign up for anything like that where somebody was telling me this is what you have to have.
IV1	I see. Actually that, the parameter that you mentioned that you can set certain parameters and then you are… Will have some… In control. So what would be the kind of example of parameter you are thinking about?
P12_f	I'm thinking about things like sugar consumption. So we don't eat a lot of sugar, like as a family we don't add sugar to things. I bake, Daniel will occasionally buy biscuits at his Co-op run but I was thinking about… I think I've bought two packets of biscuits in the last 18 months. Both times the children were so excited that it had happened, but in an era of having children and where you feel increasingly scrutinised for whatever it is you do or you feed them or you give them, I wouldn't want anybody to be able to say these are nutritional parameters that you have to apply to your family.
00:36:16
	I want to be in charge of that.
IV1	So parameters are more related to the… What kind of… Like the…
P12_f	Yes, that… I think that… Yes, that would make me uncomfortable. I think parameters in terms of price and choice, I would want to have input into that, but I honestly suspect if this was running permanently I'd look at them once a year to kind of go oh yes, you know. Or suddenly realise we were going and buying something regularly that we were running out of. Would that be better than this?
IV1	I see because I think it was something… One of the ideas about this study behind was that… How we can design this kind of autonomous system that does things for you, but like you mentioned there is some kind of way we need to make it more smarter, and then you mentioned the parameter and the control. So it was interesting that what will be the thing that you want the system to know better.
P12_f	And I think also the conversation that we had setting it up, I don't think about the way I shop very often. It's not… There's too many other things in my head and just having an hour kind of going oh yes, actually we do do that and actually that's important, was really interesting.
00:37:45
	And it did make me think that if we were moving to a bigger version of it having a person that came round and was like okay, here are the things you won't have thought about, here are the things you could think about, actually you can do this, actually you can do that. And then at the end of that like consultation you're like okay brilliant, it's all set up. And then I… Then it made me think… I have a busy head, sorry.
IV1	That's really good for us to hear.
P12_f	My grandmother is 90 and she lives on her own, and she did have a brief go at online shopping but didn't get on with it. She ordered the wrong quantity and size of bottled water for example and ended up with enough that if nuclear war happened we're all going to my grandmother's house because she has a stockpile. Because she's elderly, because she's not very comfortable with technology she has… She doesn't drive so at the moment she's still incredibly fit for a 90 year old and she can walk the mile into town and do her bits of shopping, and walk the mile back. Or sometimes she'll get a taxi back.
	
00:39:03
	She grew up in [unclear], she grew up in Shropshire during the war and kind of very much had that you use the resources that you have, so there is always enough food in the freezer but if she can't get out because she's hurt or the weather's bad or something, she could probably last two weeks without… It's just the way that she thinks. Then I started to think actually this kind of autonomous system, if they could be the input in the set-up, could be amazing for her being able to maintain that live alone independence as the world becomes Internet savvy.
	Because she had initially a Breezie tablet which was a version of the tablets specifically designed for the elderly which had an operating system that was very stripped back and [unclear] that my mum and dad were essentially running for her. So if she had something had that she didn't understand my mum could log into a [unclear] users portal and fix it for her.
	She now has a different tablet. She's really struggled with not wanting to let go of the old one because that one has emails on it that she doesn't want to lose and explaining that the emails are now accessible through the other device, she's found very difficult to get her head round. She's a very keen gardener; she does a lot of catalogue shopping. So she has a lot of things delivered but she fills in forms and sends them back and then they arrive. Something like this where we could say, you know, with her what are the things that are heavy for you to carry? How often… 
00:41:01
	Okay, we can set that up and then have it triggering alerts to mum and dad, you know, that she hasn't been doing this or she hasn't been doing that. That was also partly because my father's mother who died nine years ago had ovarian cancer and her husband, my grandfather, had Parkinson's. And they ended up quite isolated and they ended up quite poorly. It wasn't until they cleared the house that we realised how much he must have not been eating because there were tins and things in the cupboard that had been in there a long time.
	Particularly in that generation, they don't go and ask for help and that descent into not feeding yourself properly, and not quite looking after yourself properly is very difficult to observe and it's very difficult to do anything about. Because when you go and visit somebody like that they pull out all the stops, you know. So the milk is fresh and, you know, they've got the food in and they're excited and it happens. You don't tend to go even to your loved one's house and go right, I'm going to do a stock take of your cupboards and find out what's actually going on.
	And then I was thinking forward to… I mean Daniel's family are in Wales, his dad is on his own. Well he's looking after your nan at the moment but he is… You know, he's not in a relationship, he doesn't have a partner. Actually being able to fast-forward to a point where we can say absolutely, live independently, but hey there's this technology thing that we think might be really good.
00:42:52
	And then having a backdoor window into that, you know, to suddenly have an alert that said do you know what? This consumption of this and these things, this is full and there's something not quite right. So that then we're able to have a conversation that says I don't know whether it's a bug in the system or whatever, you know, but you're not drinking as… Or you're not eating as much of this or you're not eating as much of that.
	It made me start to think about that kind of… Not monitoring because there's are fiercely independent human beings I'm talking about, you know, but that… Like that logic gate, you know, that says somebody that's potentially vulnerable and is living on their own hasn't the milk out of the fridge for a week. Why?
IV1	It's actually… Yes, very interesting and helpful for us to hear about you thinking about the system, something we didn't intend but could be like kind of useful. Okay.
P12_f	Well there was… I can't remember the name of the researcher but you'd find him on Google or Google search. There's a Radio 4 programme called Four Thought which is a series of short broadcast lectures and there was one a few years ago from a woman who was doing research into elderly care and geriatric medicine.
00:44:28
	And she said the two things that would mean more people could stay independent longer were brighter light bulbs to compensate for the fact that your eyesight diminishes which means you fall over less, and taking everybody's cupboard doors off. So at the point you're starting to get a bit forgetful you wander into the kitchen because you thought I'm hungry or I'm thirsty and when you get into the kitchen you think why did I come…? Oh God. And you walk out and you've missed your chance to have a drink.
	So dehydration and falls are two of the things which effect most elderly people living on their own. So her solution, very straightforward, was brighter light bulbs, cupboard doors off so you see it. This kind of… This part of that could you know… I mean if you could apply it to medicines as well, you know. My father is type two diabetic, he takes medication to control his diabetes, he had high blood pressure. I'm never ever, even if he ends up on his own, going to go around, say right dad, I'm going to count your pills now.
	His doctor is bound by confidentiality so his doctor couldn't ring somebody close to him and say we haven't seen him at the surgery for his medication. You're not allowed to do that, so you'll only find out when you're at a crisis point. Yes, so I was thinking about that kind of stuff.
00:45:58
IV1	That's good, very interesting. Thank you. And okay, so we have just one or two questions left. So were you paying… Keep an eye on the budget?
P12_f	No.
IV1	Why do you think you didn't?
P12_f	Because the parameter that was set, I was pretty confident we weren't going to spend £100 in four weeks on pasta and coffee. So then it was like so that's the maximum budget, I don't need to worry about who's eating it, so I won't worry about it.
IV1	Okay, so I have one last question and then do you have any other questions?
IV2	No, I'm good.
IV1	Okay, so [overtalking] one question that I wanted to ask because I find it very interesting was that so from other participants kind of mentioned that that it will be interesting to kind of monitor their consumption. You were mentioning about somebody else, so it was interesting and then were you interested in like… And then you mentioned actually before that it will be interesting… It will be useful that after a certain time a consultant will come and then give you some kind of device?
P12_f	Yes.
00:47:22
IV1	Yes, so I was curious about two things. One thing about what do you think about monitoring your consumption and also a second thing about why… How do you say? It's hard to explain. So there is a system, automatic system, and then you are mentioning consultant, so human. So how… Could you elaborate more?
P12_f	Oh, how the two things could connect together?
IV1	No, like separately.
P12_f	Separately. I think the problem with any kind of automated questionnaire based parameter setting is you're going through a series of binary logic gates. If you say no to this and you say yes to that that's what you get. When you have a conversation with another human being that human being's able to say but have you thought about this and would that change the answer for that? I haven't yet experienced a technological solution that does that because by its nature completing anything into a system is a static set of questions.
	I've never experienced something which is a dynamic set of questions, so that's where that person thing if you like, person, I'm not calling you a thing but… That person bit becomes really interesting and then the potential to assess bits of, you know, are you eating the food that you think you're eating? You know and if you had a Fitbit or something, you know, the system saying well you haven't moved very much this week. 
00:49:26
	Better not have chocolate cake. You know, that kind of thing. So I think that's probably where that thought comes from. It's that you'd either have to fill in a questionnaire that went on for so long you'd get bored and you wouldn't complete it or that you wouldn't respond with that. But you could do oh I haven't thought about that bit.
IV1	Okay good, thank you. That was very insightful, thank you very much. So I think…
P12_f	Here [unclear] love.
P12_m	Yes.
IV1	Do you want to… Like is there anything you kind of want to add before we finish?
P12_f	Do you think it would work in your office? That's one thing I was thinking about.
P12_m	No.
P12_f	Why not?
IV2	For what?
P12_m	It goes too fast.
P12_f	That's interesting.
00:50:23
IV1	In the office?
P12_f	Because in my office we had a crisis situation. We ran out of teabags. Now in my office that is… That's an actual like push the button crisis. Who buys your tea and coffee? How many of you are there in there?
P12_m	Julian [?] does it.
P12_f	And how many people in the office now?
P12_m	[Unclear] one minute off for break.
P12_f	So she goes and… So she… So does she go out daily and buy your tea and coffee?
P12_m	No, it gets delivered but then pops it up if needed but essentially [unclear].
P12_f	So the autonomous bit wouldn't have… But it's not one minute journey to go and do it, isn't it? Must be a 20 minute…
P12_m	No.
00:51:10
P12_f	By the time you've had a conversation about what you need and then you've gone out to get it, and then you sit in the queue to pay for it and then you come back and put it away. Daniel's office drinks a lot of coffee.
P12_m	I don't know.
P12_f	No because it's not your problem, it's Julian's problem. I bet if we were having this conversation with Julian she'd have a different take on it.
IV1	So do you have a person in charge of kind of…
P12_f	At the office?
IV1	Yes.
P12_f	No, we have a loose tea kitty team which meant I had an American co-worker who spent three months looking for the office cat because she'd never come across the notion of kitty as being a pot that you put money in to buy things.
IV2	Do you know that, the kitty? I think it must be a British thing or…? Yes. I've never heard it very often, like a little…
P12_f	But it's also… It's a very British idea that you have an office that's a team and you have a communal tea and coffee cupboard that you all chip in for and go and buy.
00:52:23
	I have worked in some office environments where that's provided by the management of the building, but what you find there is quite a lot of people start having their own supplies either of their preferred brand or to make sure they don't run out. But yes, in… I think it'd be really interesting to look at it in an office setting.
IV1	Well why it would be interesting?
P12_f	Because there are so many people with so many different… You know, the pace of it is very fast if it's something that's consumed. Agreeing the parameters, would people drink what the system is delivering or would they want to be having greater choice in that? I think looking at office consumption… So we have a snack table at the office and we all just buy random things, so I'll probably go and get another box of Clementines and take them into the office or somebody will put some biscuits or chocolate or sweets or something. 
	And that's… Again that's a very British idea, that you all just chip in communally and our international staff, every time they're joining us they're a bit like what are the rules like about the snack table? Just help yourself. But isn't there a rota, isn't there a system. No. We all just do it so it's fair, but then it's very British sense of fair which can be very different to an Asian sense of fair. And so every time we have new international students who come and do placement in our office we all have to take a step back and explain tea and coffee etiquette.
00:54:08
	Yes which is essentially if you're making yourself a cup of tea you have to make Catherine a cup of tea. I've actually got that written into the rules of the office now.
IV1	Oh okay, get a new idea for our… Continuing our study office setting.
IV2	Yes.
IV1	Thank you very much, we had really great data. Let me…
IV2	Yes [unclear] are around. Like we didn't really expect it to be so… Like we never… Didn't really think, like I just thought…
	
IV1	Actually we would be curious what you would think about your data. It takes time to show up? 
P12_f	This is the pendent [?] thing.
IV1	Yes, so could you give some explanation about the data?
P12_f	You can.
IV1	Yes. No I think...
P12_f	I was like...
00:00:17
IV2	Yes, I guess... I’m sorry...
IV1	You know.
IV2	I’m just... I just...
IV1	You know better about the data. 
P12_f	It’s just the weight over the time, so it started with this sort [?] of [?] thing, and then you went on, and then you got a delivery, and then there was a few days so it’s not too bad with the... but I always unplug the thing, again. And I think the coffees are interesting, actually, because they’re both... it’s like [inaudible] done. I’m done. Yes, I don’t know what sort of [unclear] were the real [unclear].
IV1	Is there anything that you find, I don’t know, interesting about your data? This is coffee, and this is...
P12_m	That’s when she unplugged... the cleaner unplugged it, right? When it goes up and up. 
P12_f	Yes, that’s when data’s missing. 
P12_m	That’s a challenge, isn’t it, the cleaner unplugs it?
IV1	Ah.
00:01:02
P12_f	Yes. 
IV1	Ah, that’s why.
P12_f	It’s true. 
IV1	Okay, more interesting, yes. So these are the consumption that you... you said you didn’t buy anything from the shop during the study. 
IV2	No. 
IV1	Okay. Yes, I can see that you never really ran out. 
P12_m	No, that was...
P12_f	Yes, that’s true.
P12_m	That’s the main thing. 
P12_f	Mm, obviously.
IV2	Yes, and I think that was probably your experience as well, but also a little bit of luck that we got the numbers right about...
00:01:32
IV1	The trigger?
IV2	Yes.
P12_f	Oh, yes, exactly.
IV2	Has that been the experience of other participants, that they’ve got the trigger right? 
P12_f	Yes, one participant, they changed it a few times, because they wanted it to come earlier, that worked, but most people, they just... even when it wasn’t right they just went on with it, so they...
IV2	That’s interesting. 
P12_f	Wouldn’t just wait for a few days, or they would just buy it in the shop then, or something and so on. Yes. 
IV1	So actually I wasn’t at the first interview, so when you set the trigger what was the reason you just...?
IV2	The...
IV1	What is...
IV2	I can’t remember...
P12_f	[Researcher name] that’s right. I don’t know if...
IV2	Your colleague’s name.
P12_f	[Researcher name], yes.
IV2	He seemed to know a lot about coffee weight, and how much coffee...
P12_f	Yes, one... yes, one portion for one person, wasn’t it?
IV2	Yes, that...
P12_f	60 grams, wasn’t it? 
IV2	Yes, so he was like... you’re probably using about this much if you’re making a pot to serve this many people.
IV1	I see. 
IV2	Which I wouldn’t have had the faintest idea about. And then with the pasta, I worked out that I typically cook 300g in a go. 
IV1	I see. 
IV2	I know it’s a lot to eat. 
IV1	Mm-hmm.
00:02:44
IV2	My children eat pasta like rugby players. And so we said, well, okay, the limit, if it’s under 300 you can’t cook enough pasta for what you’d need, so it has to stay over 300. 
IV1	Was the delivery usually like one day, or three days, do you know? Do you remember?
IV2	It always seemed to be two days forwardish, something like that. 
IV1	Because I was just curious because you said 300, so when...
IV2	Yes. 
IV1	You cook and 300’s left, and then if the delivery takes three days you might have...
IV2	Yes, but we try not to eat pasta...
IV1	On here?
IV2	On consecutive.
IV1	Ah, I see. 
IV2	Days. 
00:03:29
IV1	I see. 
IV2	Despite what my son reported earlier. 
IV1	Ah, so there will be enough time. 
IV2	Yes, so if I do...
IV1	Before...
IV2	If I cook pasta on Monday I wouldn’t be thinking about serving it to them again until the Thursday or the Friday.  Oh, bless you.
00:03:43
UF	Now I’m [overtalking] a drink.
P12_f	Get Elle [?] a drink.
IV1	Okay, thank you.
P12_f	Can I just...?

 
p13exit
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer 1   
IV2	Interviewer 2     
P13od	P13_od       
P13fd	P13_fd	   

IV1	Okay, so could you tell me about how you think about... How you think the system worked? Like, if you explain it to your friend, how would you describe the system you had? The ordering system?
P13od	You mean how did it work? How... What’s... How does it work?
IV1	How... Yes, how would you just describe the system? Like you could do to your friend?
P13od	Like, service that refuels the stock.
IV1	Yes.
P13fd	Also ordering based on sensors.
P13od	That didn't really work. The auto part. And maybe once, only once... I mean, we didn't have too many, we only had three refills or something like that, I think. But, we had, like, a, sort of, probably... Anyways... 
P13fd	That's the concentrate [?].
00:01:00
P13od	Yes, auto refills. 
IV1	Yes, so, actually, the next question is, like, asking you about your experience with the system, but you mentioned that the auto part didn't really work. So, could you tell me about your experience with that system?
P13od	Yes, I guess we ended up... 
P13fd	We had some technical problems usually.
P13od	It was like... yes. 
P13fd	Oh, yes, because we... We caused it. 
P13od	We switched to another router, so we needed to set the system. And then, initially, the first time, it didn't read the thresholds well, so I needed to do a manual [?] order, I'm not sure why. 
IV1	Oh, I see.
00:01:43
P13od	And after that, after we switched around, and... I think you came over to fix it? After that, it was weird because we got confused, so we were like, minus 200% or a number like that. Or plus 200%, I can't remember. Maybe you can see it, if it still shows it. 
	And it didn't do the order, and then it ended. So, it was a big confusing because we confused it. There is also like... It’s kind of interesting as well, so it was like, kind of, some tricky situations. One time we bought cookies ourselves, and then we added it to the stock, and that also confused it a bit, because, like, suddenly, it was added the stock. So, I guess, that's something to... Like, the real world is a bit more messy, I think, that's what it is, so it gets... you know, the system can... throws itself... yes, throws it off balance. 
P13fd	And the only... The other thing I remember is that deliveries were always very emotional.
P13od	Always.
IV1	Very emotional?
P13fd	Yes, because... 
P13od	No, the first one was like... 
P13fd	In general, because the... For the nature of the study, you had, like, a person coming purposefully to... 
00:02:56
P13od	With a brown bag, it’s very suspicious.
P13fd	And the first time we couldn't even... 
P13od	And the first one... 
P13fd	Figure it out what he wanted. And who he was looking for because he was in your name.
IV2	Yes, yes.
P13fd	And... 
P13od	No, he said Arianna. 
P13fd	Was it? It was... I remember there was some... 
P13od	What’s your name, sorry?
IV2	[researcher name] is my name. 
P13od	[researcher name], okay, yes. 
00:03:14
P13fd	I think that was [researcher name].
IV2	I usually put in the name... my name as, like, the sender, and then your name as the recipient. So then, I put in my phone number for both, so that they can't... 
P13od	Yes, he said Arianna but had a phone number, I even read the... 
P13fd	There was a phone number that he... you were confused. 
P13od	I didn't recognise. And also, he was very old, and he suffered from... 
P13fd	Sciatica. 
P13od	Sciatica nerve.
P13fd	And it was very cold. So, all of them, I remember them being like: I came from very far, and they asked me to come tonight. And it had to be tonight. And you open, it’s cookies, and you're like: oh, no, poor guy.
P13od	Yes, he was standing there with a brown bag and says: you order food? And we said: no, we didn't order food. Yes, [researcher name] ordered food. I said: no, I don't know who [researcher name] is. 
P13fd	Yes, that was just, like, a couple of times when I was very sorry for the guys to come on a scooter from North London, with a bag of food. 
IV1	Yes. Actually, because we wanted to, kind of – how you say – create an experience, that futuristic system, so we don't have any other, like, means to do that delivery.
00:04:22
P13fd	Of course. Of course. No, I understand. 
IV1	Yes. Yes. 
P13fd	It’s just memorable. I remember that. 
IV1	Right. Is there anything else about, like, you... your overall experience with the system?
P13fd	I really missed it when it ended. 
IV1	Oh, why?
P13fd	I was like: oh, that's it. Now I don't have... Yes... 
P13od	There's the nuts. The nuts were good. 
P13fd	Yes, the nuts, right? It was more... 
P13od	The nuts were nice.
00:04:43
P13fd	But more meaningful than the cookies. 
IV1	Why? Could you tell me why the nuts was more meaningful?
P13od	Because more people eat nuts, they went out faster. And still, we just like nuts because it feels more healthy. 
IV1	I see. 
P13od	So, yes, I guess that's something... There is something about it – it’s true.
P13fd	And the... Kind of, the piece of mind that you know that it’s being taken care of for you, I like that. 
P13od	I think if it’s more... The more important it is to you, the more value you put on the... what food it is, like, the more... if it’s, like... if it’s, like, considered healthy, it probably becomes more important. And if it’s like the cookies, it’s, sort of, like, a... 
P13fd	Indulgence. 
P13od	Indulgence. So, you don't... I mean, the nuts is also an indulgence, but it’s a healthy one. It gets higher... It’s more valuable on the service. And then you think about it, there's lots of services that give you a snack on a weekly basis, right, or something like that. Healthy snacks, fruit, and vegetables, of course, you appreciate it more.
00:05:52
IV1	I see. Because I wasn’t in the first interview, I'm just curious when you chose the nuts and the cookies... When you first chose the two items, nuts and cookies.
P13od	Yes, we wanted milk. We wanted milk and cookies.
P13fd	Yes, we wanted milk, but the fridge was not an option [?].
P13od	Milk and cookies, I think, those. 
P13fd	Milk and cookies was the one... 
P13od	It was milk for sure because the milk, it’s, kind of, like, the kids drink gallons of milk, and we always get caught. 
P13fd	Yes, the others, all the ideas we had was fridge.
P13od	Yes, so, the... Yes, fresh stuff is more... Because here, you can just stuff it, right, in the fridge, you don't... 
IV1	I see.
P13od	So, we ended up cookies and nuts.
P13fd	It was, kind of, a form factor in our decision.
00:06:33
IV1	Form factor?
P13fd	Yes, so we would know that the sensor would fit there. I mean, fruit could not work as well, so.
P13od	It was also that stuff in there with the weight and, like, you need to remember to put it in the place and link it [?]. So, that's another... The managing of... You know, the physical side of it is also... 
P13fd	Yes, but the... We did it with her here and figured it out.
P13od	Well, you needed to pay attention to it, like: oh, it’s not on the weighing, oh... 
P13fd	Yes, we had to.
P13od	Where is... Where are the nuts? Oh, it’s not on the weight. Let’s put it on the weight first. You know, it becomes like... It was fine, but I'm just saying, it was... I definitely had to... 
P13fd	To organise the shelf properly.
P13od	Yes, to organise the shelf and make sure that it’s on the right place. So, you need to, kind of, spend... give it attention.
IV1	I see. Oh, actually, that's interesting that you, kind of, paid more attention because of the system with the scale, and... Is there anything that, I don't know, changes because you had the system, compared to the... your existing practice?
00:07:39
P13fd	The nuts themselves, were already in jars, so that didn't change. But the cookies, we would keep them in the packaging. 
P13od	Yes.
P13fd	And then we had to change, we had to have a box of cookies. And it’s still there. So, we didn't go back to the packaging. So, I guess, we had changed something. 
IV1	Oh, really, oh. I see. So, do you think you will keep it?
P13fd	We’ll keep the box.
IV1	Keep it that way?
P13fd	Yes, I think so.
IV1	Oh, okay. Why do you think it... you're…?
P13fd	It’s a container, it’s self... It’s airtight. So, it’s... It makes more sense. 
IV1	I see. Okay. 
00:08:08
P13fd	It preserves them. And breadcrumbs, it’s also... 
IV1	I'm just curious, how about the, like, consumption, like, is there any changes... 
P13fd	Eat more or less?
IV1	Yes, eat more or less?
P13od	I do, I... 
P13fd	I think the nuts go fast, as much as we have them, right? So, it depends on how long it takes us to refill. So, if the system keeps refilling, yes, we filled it more, like... 
P13od	Yes. When we... Some... When we don't have such a service, probably might take... sometimes it takes us... It depends how often we go to the supermarket. Which is what makes it a bit more regular. But, I didn't notice that we ate more cookies. When we didn't have cookies... Unless we did the... We didn't do anything special for it, just wait for... 
IV1	I see. I think... So, have you had any... Have you…?
P13od	On the other hand, we also didn't stop going to the supermarket, it didn't feel that it changes anything... 
P13fd	But we didn't buy cookies. 
P13od	No cookies, but nuts, definitely. We bought a couple of... 
00:09:05
P13fd	We bought nuts? 
P13od	Yes, a couple of times. 
P13fd	Oh, okay. 
IV1	Because you ran out? 
P13od	Because I went to the supermarket and I saw... And, you know, let’s cook [overtalking].
P13fd	I’ll show you. It’s, like... 
P13od	Bought nuts.
P13fd	 A selection, right. Okay, so, you know, we are talking about a very specific jar, which is the mixed nuts – okay? But then they have separate nuts. The cashew for the boy, and the pine nuts for the girl.
IV1	I see. 
P13fd	So... 
00:09:31
IV1	You bought the other types of nuts, yes.
P13fd	So, the other one, we had to continue, kind of, [overtalking], this is the can of the grownups. 
P13od	But, I also bought some... A couple of time I bought a mix as well. 
IV1	Could you tell me why you bought, like, mixed nuts from the store, when you have the system getting... re-ordering?
P13od	Because the first time, it took a few days until it arrived, and I figured out that it’s not... You know, by the time it will arrive... 
P13fd	Going to do it tomorrow.
P13od	We’ll probably finish that other bag that I bought in the meantime, so long [?].
IV1	I see. I see. Was there... There was the one time, or was a couple of times?
P13od	Yes, it was just one time because when we had only three... two or three refills, so... And that came, and we [inaudible].
IV1	Yes, actually, the... Your home is one of the interesting case for us because you had some... experienced some of the issues, like you said, scale, where it is kind of wrong. The, like, count the heavy... The weight, like, plus, minus. And then the problem with the router. And... 
00:10:34
P13od	Yes. 
IV1	And so, I'm just curious... 
P13od	Because for other people it was more smooth?
IV1	Yes, some and some not. But, like, for this house... 
P13fd	We had all the problems.
IV1	So, I think... I wonder if it is some question about the... Your, I don't know... How you've dealt with the issues. So, like, this is a new system and you are not... necessarily know how it works. Now you... There is, kind of, uncertainty about how the system works, and you had errors... 
P13od	Oh, I forgot it’s connected. To be honest, you forget about it. And so, I didn't make the connection. Like, you know, for other things that are connected to the Wi-Fi, you know because you did it yourself. Here, you did it, so it didn't register on me. But, if... Had it... If we would set up the system, it wouldn't be a problem, we would remember that we need to set it up on the internet. So, I would assume that. I just forgot about it, and I just went... I was like... wondering what is going to happen. 
P13fd	It took us a couple of days to realise the relationship... 
P13od	Yes, because I saw the stock going low, and I was assuming it would trigger, and then it didn't trigger. And then I went online to see the interface, and the interface said it’s like, minus something. And I was like: that's the way it should happen, and I just wrote you an email. 
00:11:51
	And then, some of... Oh, of course, we changed the router, and then it dawned on me: oh, we changed the router, of course. 
IV1	So, you... 
P13od	Because you said the router doesn’t seem to respond. No, it’s not, it’s offline.
IV2	Yes, it wasn’t sending data, yes.
P13od	Yes, it wasn’t sending data. So, of course, it’s, you know... It’s a router, it’s connected... 
P13fd	But, we don't choose, we don't change routers, you know, it just happened that it was that.
IV1	I see. Yes. Actually, I also wanted to ask you about... 
P13od	Because it was so hidden here, otherwise I wouldn't... I’d completely forgotten about it. 
IV1	I see. The... 
P13od	The router. 
00:12:22
IV1	Or power or something. So, you know... You're expecting that the system will order something, and it wasn’t happening, and that, kind of, made you go and check, and then you find that was, like, the problem?
P13od	Yes, because we set it up and it was working, and like... The first time we did manual, and then, you know, something... I can't remember if there was any other... I remember there was something... After setting it manual, that... Yes, it was supposed to work automatically, and I was looking for it for the notification.
P13fd	The first order needed to be manual.
P13od	Wasn’t it supposed to send you a notification to confirm that it’s going to order?
IV2	Yes. Always, yes.
P13od	Then it didn't. 
IV1	It didn't? Okay. For all the order, or…?
P13od	No, I really don't remember now. So, one order was, we did manual, the first one. I remember because I went there, and I remember needing to select three, or two, or one. And actually, another thing was that the one... the orders for the fast orders, were not always available. One time the product went out of stock, so we only had the three-day refill. Wasn’t it time, so it goes one-day and three-day?
00:13:29
IV2	Yes, exactly. 
P13od	So, we never got the one-day, we always go the three-day. I'm not sure why.
IV1	Yes, okay. So, actually, I want... I was... 
P13od	Yes, now I think about it, that was like, why was this point of... Why was there a difference here, why did you set up this three-day and one-day?
IV2	Maybe ask one question first? 
P13od	Oh, is that…?
IV2	Yes, we can tell you everything at the end, but... 
P13fd	It’s part of the study, not the survey.
IV2	The one... 
P13od	Yes, it was just like a... Because, you obviously... You go there and it’s like, suddenly there's a price point, and it says, like: you can get it three-day for £5, or one-day for £6. And you're like... This whole point about the service is that it refills it and that's it, you don't want to think about prices at this point. So, it’s like, you know, you go for a package that includes the delivery. It was a bit confusing, I remember looking at it.
00:14:28
P13fd	Yes, because I... I think we discussed that in the first interview, and you said... 
P13od	And wanting... But, I don't care, I want one day.
P13fd	Yes, I don't care, just tell me... Just do it... 
P13od	Just give me... 
P13fd	And send me notification that you did it. That was our default. And then, somehow, it didn't... 
P13od	Yes, well, I needed to do it manual... 
P13fd	He had to do it manual. 
P13od	And I went there, I was like: I want one day, of course. But then it wasn’t available and it’s like... You were like... I guess you feel it’s, like, simpler if you just have, like... Even if you... 
P13fd	Whenever.
P13od	Need to do it manual, it’s just, like, click a button and you don't need to think about the price because that's somewhat... another part of the deal. 
00:15:00
IV1	Yes, maybe I will explain the... how it worked, like, briefly, and then you can tell me how it was different than you expected it to be, maybe? So, when... Do you remember when you made a manual order, there is the list of the item... 
P13od	Yes.
IV1	And then the types of... Like, mixed nut and, maybe... 
P13fd	[Overtalking].
IV1	Yes, different types of nuts. And price for it and then, like, where is it coming from. Like, one-day, or three days, it can be from local or from the long... like the further depot. And then... 
P13od	I didn't remember, that's... I don't... Didn't notice the… Where it comes from. 
IV2	Do you remember... Did you ever... You contacted messages, right?
P13od	Yes.
IV2	And do you remember what it said, now, in the... No, okay, no. Let me find the question. Anyway.
00:15:48
IV1	So, yes, to make it simple, like to just simply explain. So, there are different types of nuts, like mixed nuts, and different... And then price, and then, like, how long does it take, depends on where it’s coming from, local or a distance. And then, from the distance, it can be one day, like express deliver, or the slow delivery from there. So, there are different kinds of factors. And do you remember that you said some kind of, like, priority for your order? Like, how you wanted to make it more, how do you say, higher priority?	
P13od	Price was last.
IV1	Yes, price, delivery... 
P13od	Price was last. 
IV1	Yes, price deliver, and property.
P13od	Price was last. 
P13fd	What’s property? Oh, the... 
IV1	Property is the different types the... 
P13fd	Of nuts.
IV1	Yes, nuts.
00:16:39
P13od	Yes, it was properties, speed... 
IV1	Yes, delivery and price. 
P13od	The order was property, speed, and price. 
IV1	Let me... Actually, I will check.
P13od	I'm sure of that.
P13fd	I remember that. 
IV1	Okay, so, yes, the property was the first one. Price was the second one, and deliver was the third one. 
P13fd	Oh, okay. 
IV1	The... When, like, looking at the data. So, I think the... So, the system, when it creates the order, it considered these three different, like, options, and then create a link... rank based on the available price. 
P13fd	Available.
IV1	Yes, because... 
IV2	Yes, and sometimes, randomly, stuff is not available. Just like... Because it’s not... yes.
00:17:20
P13od	So, we set it up, so price is more important than delivery?
IV1	Yes.
P13od	That's weird. I remember the opposite, okay. 
P13fd	So, the property was... If there was no mixed nuts, they would not send you any nuts because you said property or something like that?
IV1	Yes. So, how the system works is not like you go first... the first order from the property, price, and delivery, it’s not that way. It tried to meet most, how do you say, most of the priority possible. That's why the rank is, kind of, like, how do you say…?
P13fd	Flexible.
IV1	Yes, flexible. So, it’s not like you go first, only see the, like, property, and then if you don't have it, then price, it’s not that. It tried to make most, like... 
P13fd	So, it... Will it send me almonds if the price and property... price location was okay?
00:18:12
IV1	Yes, so... 
IV2	Oh, no, it wouldn't. When property is your first one, then it would... 
P13fd	It would not override it, or expect... [?]
IV1	Yes, so... 
P13od	I think it’s like... It’s like... It’s very unpredictable, it’s very hard to predict what would the outcome be.
IV1	Right, right, yes.
P13od	For this kind of permutation. Also, like, property, doesn’t necessarily say... says that I don't want a replacement. It just says I rate the specific product higher. But it doesn’t say that if it’s not available. And, in any case, I think... 
P13fd	I would be very hard for them to come here with a different product, then you say: no, I don't want it. 
P13od	I did... No, it didn't say that. I think it’s probably more... It’s probably more explicit, would you take replacement, would you... Are you interested in a replacement, yes, no? If I'm not interested in replacement, then there's no... It’s, kind of, straightforward. It’s totally predictable.
P13fd	Yes, yes, the property, the name, it’s very geeky, you need, kind of, to work it out.
00:19:03
IV1	Yes. So, actually, it’s... That's interesting, because for the one way that we were thinking about to, like, ranking the system, we wanted the system to, kind of, be smart in its own way. And then try to make the best case, what would be the best. But I think, on the other hand, it makes it, like, unpredictable, like you said, and it’s not straightforward because you don't know what is going to the top... like, the top choice at the time.
P13od	Yes, but... So, it’s... So, yes, I can see the point. I guess I would accept when it’s about the brand. Like, if I’d... Say, if I want mixed nuts from, I don't know, X, and X is not available, but mixed nuts from Y is available, then I would accept that, you know? A change. If I have a preference for brand... For example, yoghurt, we buy Yeo Valley [?]. If you don't, like, give us yoghurt from Yeo Valley, but you give us yoghurt from Rachel Farms, okay, I might accept it. But, if you give us, instead of yoghurt, you know, sour cream, that's different, then I won't probably be interested. 
P13fd	Or sweet yoghurt.
IV1	Yes. So, yes, we will go for, like, the same kind of... 
P13od	Oh, yes, or it may be natural yoghurt and Greek yoghurt.
IV1	Right.
P13od	You cannot say...  
P13fd	It’s very personal and that specific. [?]. But, on learning that... I guess you were trying to get this... This property... Putting properties in order is probably not the best way to express. Like the checkbox of replacement, no replacement, maybe it’s a better way? Or maybe more, kind of, dialogue? 
00:20:40
IV1	I see.
P13od	Yes, I think we had a hard time to understand what would be... to predict how the system would behave. That's why I never... You know, I can't say that in any point I felt confident that we will... 
P13fd	Get what we need. 
P13od	Yes, 24 hours, tick, boom. It didn't give you the feeling that it’s reliable. 
IV1	Actually, that's very important for us to hear more, so could you, kind of, elaborate more?
P13od	Yes, so the outcome of, like... It’s not necessarily the technology being a bit flaky because it’s a prototype and stuff. So that combination of maybe it will work, maybe it’s not. Plus, the behavioural kind of aspect of, like, the properties, I think, together, was a bit confusing. 
P13fd	But, I think this is an expectation you have when you see it for the first time, and it comes, like, it’s a game. Like, you have the expectation. But that's, like, the liberals [?], I don't... I would... I was very forgiving of the system. It’s like, just the fact that it’s not... If the alternative is that I need to sit and put an order on Waitrose and wait two days for the order to arrive, I... Just the sitting and putting the order will take me a couple of days. More... The delivery takes me more days. So, if the system is going to take me one or two, it’s already better than, actually, me and [overtalking].
00:21:54
P13od	But, I would say, it would have been, like, somewhat more direct if I’d have a button on the weight, which says send. And whenever you open the fridge, oh, it’s going down, send. 
P13fd	See, but for me, it’s much better that I don't even need to go and press the button. 
P13od	Maybe, but I'm just saying... 
P13fd	Just at the back of my mind I see the nuts coming down, this is system is already taking care of it.
P13od	Considering this... For her, yes. For me, considering this experience, I would rather have, like, something where I say... I’d give an order and I know that there is ambiguity now, it’s on its way. Because now, it’s like, we go... No, go, I have to go and check on the interface. What’s wrong with the interface. Scratch your head. So, now, for what it is right now, I would rather say, send me.
00:22:35
IV1	I see. 
P13od	If you would really be, kind of... Have the first-time experience, working like that, and I was saying that you don't need to do anything, yes of course. 
P13fd	Because I never went to the interface, so I have still, like, the magical... 
P13od	Yes. I was managing it, so, I guess, that was the difference.
IV2	Yes, but I think for you, it worked really bad. Like, we had other households where it was just working seamlessly. They had, like, for example, eggs, and they were taking all the eggs on Buy-on [?]. And when they were low, they would actually come. 
P13od	Do they keep their eggs on the outside of the fridge?
IV2	Yes, yes. And then they... Or bread or something. For... So, for a lot of people, it was just exactly seamless. So, I don't know, you're definitely an exception that it, like, didn't really work at all. Like, even when I came here, and I looked at the scale, and I got the data, and then it said, like, minus, like it was... it might sound... Like, the... I think the scales were broken or something. 
00:23:24
P13od	Right. 
IV2	Because I... I don't know how you saw it, but if you check... Like, whenever I checked, I had the feeling that they were a bit off, right? So, it wasn’t super accurate, right? I think. 
P13od	Yes, but I didn't know if it’s because we added stuff because we added stuff to the order.
IV2	But that should be fine if you add stuff because... 
P13fd	The weight should be... 
P13od	Yes, you just think about the way it goes up, right, that's what I was assuming, like... Oh, okay, it’s like I made an order, especially... I guess that's another point. If you have... This is another unexpected... Because that’s where I can, kind of, influence the system. And now, suddenly, imagine... You don't know whether it sends an order or not, or where is it... Well, you know it sends you a notification, but when you add, you don't know if... have the confidence that the system just reads it as, like, stock went up for some reason, and fine, nothing happened. Because you didn't hit the threshold of making an order. I don't know, it was... I'm feeling, like, rather confused from what happened. I cannot put my finger on it.
P13fd	I think you analysed. You analysed.
00:24:24
P13od	Because I was going to the interface, I checked it a couple of times, which... when things didn't really happen. 
P13fd	I think with eggs, maybe, would be more... 
P13od	Simpler?
P13fd	Satisfying, because it’s more frequent. Yes, so you see the eggs going, you see the eggs coming. And it’s just, like... With the nuts, we don't have a regular consumption. It’s very granular, like, the going down is very like: oh, is it already down enough, or is it not enough, you know? With eggs, you count, two eggs, the order goes. You know, it’s much more literal. 
IV2	I guess, also, you have... 100g is not very much, right, so, I guess, it would go down quite a lot until... 
P13fd	Until it actually puts the order. So, you will, anyways, be waiting with the empty bottle problem. 
P13od	Yes. Definitely, I think... There was definitely periods of waiting were longer than periods of... 
P13fd	So, maybe 100g was just too low. You should add... Make it. like, 250, or something. 
IV1	I see. So... 
00:25:19
P13od	What’s your conclusion from this?
IV1	Well, actually, these are all the interesting data that we wanted to get from the study because when you do the study, we wanted to hear the experience with the... like, what went well, or wrong.
P13fd	Of course. 
IV1	And then, interesting that how you have a different opinion that... because you value more the convenience, not to think of... not thinking about it. So, you're more forgiving and you're not checking. But, for you, you want to... You, I think... 
P13od	Yes, I want nuts. I was like: where are the nuts? So, wanted to check. 
IV1	Yes, yes, so you thought the nuts was not coming as you expected. And I think... I'm not sure, I need to check, whether... When you think the system was not accurate, was it... when you put in stop, and you checked the website, and you see that... okay. 
P13od	Yes. No, yes, then I saw that it’s minus 100. I was like: how can it be minus 100? So, I was very confused. 
00:26:17
P13fd	When there was [overtalking].
IV1	Yes. Yes. 
P13od	Yes, and then, the first time we needed to put the manual order in, right, so that was another thing where it didn't happen. And it was like: okay, let’s see what’s going on with the interface. And I was not sure... I think you said, [researcher name]... The letter said, maybe [researcher name] said that the first time we need to do manual, did you say that?
IV2	Yes. I think... Didn't we do it together? No?
P13od	Yes, we did. 
IV2	I think we did, no? I don't remember, actually. The first time when you... Because you didn't have any cookies anymore? I think if you don't [overtalking] specials... 
P13od	The first time was cookies, and it was manual. But then the nuts, yes, you need to do a manual order... 
P13fd	Oh, yes, maybe... 
P13od	Or deduct that [?].
P13fd	I don't remember.
00:26:59
IV1	Actually, I was... 
P13od	Do you want some tea?
P13fd	Yes, please.
IV1	Yes. I was curious that you said you were managing it, the... managing the system and then getting the order. Is it us, how do you say... Is it usually you more in charge of getting the first time, or…?
P13od	No, not really, no. It’s just... 
P13fd	It just happened that they were doing it together, and then... 	
IV1	Oh, I see. 
P13od	Yes, she thought that the link was on my machine, or…
IV2	Yes, it’s true, yes.
P13od	They said... Anyway, it added up. And I was working from home at that point, so those few weeks, So... 
P13fd	Nothing much more with that [?].
00:27:35
P13od	So, yes, I just like... I just did it. What kind of tea can I offer you?
IV1	Just normal tea. 
IV2	Black tea, or do you want herbal?
P13od	Black tea?
IV2	Yes, I’ll take black tea too. 
P13od	What do you want…
P13fd 	I want Louisa.
P13od	Louisa?
IV2	We can tell you at the end what... Because you are the last participants, so we have... 
P13fd	Oh, you are... 
IV2	 We are rounding off [?].
P13fd	What’s the next [inaudible].
00:28:01
IV2	I don't know. Maybe work on another project. So, my contract ends in June, so I have six more months to do another study. 
P13od	Doing enough. Enough for another... We might do eggs next time. 
P13fd	Yes, I would... You know, I felt like I wanted to have it. I wanted to... I would automise anything in my house, this, kind of, this scale orders [?]. 
IV1	I see. So, I'm curious that you... So... 
P13od	Is that fresh, Arianna, no, right?
IV2	That's from the morning [?].
IV1	For... Did you get any text or email about the order?
P13fd	No, it was all for... It was a phone number, right, the text, yes, it was only for one of us.
IV1	So, you are not getting any information?
P13fd	So, we share an email, but we don't share the phone numbers. 
IV1	I see. And have you checked any, like... Have you checked our website... okay. Okay. 
00:28:57
P13od	I have, yes. 
IV1	Yes, so I'm curious... I want to ask the question about... So, how did you... How do you think about the text message and emails, you…?
P13od	I don't remember the text message. The text message was like... Maybe the name wasn’t familiar, the jam something?
IV1	Smart Jar.
P13od	Smart Jar, yes.
P13fd	Oh, yes, I think we talked about that.
P13od	Yes, the first time. 
P13fd	Yes.
P13od	Well, took a while to figure out... To remember, but yes, as long as I remember that it’s your service, that was fine. But, I think that that... I don't have my sms... I don't have my sms anymore. I think I don't have, but maybe I do. 
P13fd	[Inaudible]. This one fell in the sea. [or under C?]
P13od	I actually do.
00:29:42
IV2	Okay.
P13od	Smart Jar, yes, I have all my sms. 
P13fd	Good job. 
P13od	Smart Jar. After a timeout of one hour, deliverable Smart... yes. So, we have the last one from the... Oh, we have a couple of them. Yes, it was fine. Actually, I see the deliveries, what do you know.
IV2	How many did you have, do you know?
P13od	The first delivery is on Sunday, November 26th. Your order of whole wheat cookies will be delivered from the remote depot. Then there's: your order of mixed nuts will be delivered from a local depot on Monday. 
P13fd	Why is that information on [overtalking]?
P13od	But, yes, now I remember. The first guy came only with the cookies and not with the nuts, remember that?
P13fd	Yes.
P13od	And we never got the nuts. 
IV1	You never got the nuts?
00:30:29
P13od	Or nuts... The first order should have got two... the two of them, but only the... it came only with the cookies. When we asked him where are the nuts, I don't know, and he was like: okay, fellow. Leave him alone, he’s suffering. 
	And then there was the timeout of one-hour delivery of whole nuts, it’s confirmed. After a timeout of one hour? I don't know what is a timeout or whatever.
IV2	So, basically, when you... You get a notification and then you can change the delivery date within one hour. And then if you don't change it, then it’s timeout. 
P13od	Oh, wow, okay. I remember like... 
IV2	Very... Yes, very... 
P13od	Then your order of mixed nuts. Then there was another order on... Oh, okay, that's... So that's on the Sunday 26th, and then a week after, it says that it took us a week to finish the nuts. The mixed nuts order... I don't know what’s that. Oh, yes, okay. So, all that was about 26 November, then it’s about Sunday the 3rd, which says that on Monday, you would get the nuts. And then we have Saturday the 9th December, that was mixed nuts again.
IV2	I think the last one... 
P13od	And then whole wheat cookies for Wednesday, the 13th. And that was it. And that was it. So, we that's... This... We had three deliveries. 
P13fd	Of both, or of only…?
00:32:02
P13od	We had one delivery on the 26th... 27t November. We had another delivery on 4 November. And then a third delivery on the 13th. 
IV2	But, on the 3rd... You said on 4 December, so that is... no?
P13od	Yes, so one on 27th, one of 4 December, and one on the 13th. And then we went abroad. I don't know... I think was when you... 
P13fd	I think it was after that [?].
IV2	I was on holiday on so don't know.
P13od	When was the experiment ended? When did it end?
IV2	13th, I think.
IV1	Yes, 13th.
IV2	Of December, yes. 
00:32:39
P13od	So, we only had, like, a... We only had it for three weeks, or two weeks, yes.
IV2	I think... Yes, the... I think you had it for, like, five or six, but then it was off, right, for... So, we came here on 3 November, it was the first time, right?
P13od	Really?
IV1	Yes, the first day was November 3rd.
P13od	So what happened... So, how come I don't have anything before 26 November?
IV2	You said you have 16 November?
P13od	No.
IV2	No?
P13od	First sms is on 26 November, and the first delivery was on the 27th. 
P13fd	And you're sure you didn't delete any?
P13od	Or maybe it was now... No, I'm sure I didn't delete.
IV1	I think we need to check later because what we have in the system has more orders. 
IV2	Yes.
P13od	It does?
IV1	Yes.
00:33:22
IV2	Like, the 3rd... On the 3rd I did a manual... 
P13od	Maybe I didn't get the notification, is that possible?
IV2	That never happened so far.
P13od	Yes, these are my notifications.
IV1	Yes. The first one was November 3rd. 
IV2	That's weird, yes, Sunday 26th, because you should get... 
P13od	No. The first is... This is Sunday, Saturday, this... 
IV2	Yes, here. Yes, November 26th. 
IV1	So, you... We didn't get the... So, there is three supposed to happen before then.
P13od	Oh, yes?
IV1	But it didn't happen. 
IV2	Because that was when we were here with [researcher] on... and we were setting... 
00:33:57
P13od	Oh, so, look, we had six deliveries? Do you remember that? I totally don't... 
IV2	Some are... Some were double like this one. 
IV1	Yes, so it’s... Together... This was together, this was together, and this was together. 	
P13od	So, what happened to the one on the 13th? 
IV1	Oh, so, this one, it was supposed to be me delivering, but we didn't have the interview, so the last order didn't happen.
IV2	That was on the same day, actually, you had the... 
IV1	Yes. But... Yes, but you should have one, two, three, four... 
P13od	Four orders.
P13fd	Yes, four orders.
P13od	Four was with yours?
IV2	No, no.
IV1	No, four without the final one.
P13od	It could be that we have, I only had... I only have three. 
IV2	We can always check the emails from delivery.
00:34:36
IV1	Yes. Actually, later, could you send us a screenshot of all, like, your... the text message?
P13od	Yes.
IV1	So, that will help us to figure out what is... Okay. So, actually, I'm curious, I will ask you... 
P13od	Where would I... Where should I send it to?
IV1	Are you going to send it now? Okay. So... 
IV2	How long do you have to... Just a few minutes?
P13fd	Oh, yes, It depends on how strong you want it. 
IV1	So, you want... 
P13od	To your email again? [?]
IV1	Yes, email, okay. 
P13od	No, I have your email. 
00:35:16
IV1	Oh. 
P13fd	You do?
IV2	Yes, because you were communicating to set this up today.
P13od	How do you write your name, [researcher name].
IV1	[researcher name].
P13od	[spelling]?
IV1	[researcher name], [researcher name]. But my email’s [researcher email].
P13od	Oh, [researcher name] dot? That way... It doesn’t recognise it. [researcher name], I didn't write it well. Okay. 
IV1	Yes? Thank you.
P13fd	I think your tea might be ready already, if you want to...? 
IV1	Thank you. 
P13fd	[Inaudible]. Oh, sorry, would you like milk with your tea?
IV1	No, that's okay. Thank you. 
P13fd	And there's sugar if you like sugar.
00:36:47
IV1	Thanks. Oh, it’s hot. 
P13fd	It’s hot. 
IV1	Let me know when you are done. I have more questions.
P13fd	Yes. 
IV1	Actually, how was then... How was your overall experience with the system?
P13fd	Very smooth. 
IV1	Very smooth?
P13fd	It wasn’t nothing critical, like, there was nothing that I couldn't... stop me from doing this or that. Like, it wasn’t a critical ingredient or anything, but as I said, I had this kind of very magical expectation that, yes, least that I don't need to think about. 
IV1	Now, how did it meet, or didn't meet your magical expectation?
P13fd	Yes, it’s not that the jar was always full. Like, there was times where we would, kind of: oh, the jar is empty. Oh, the jar is empty. Oh, the jar is empty. So, that was, kind of, what’s happening. But, as is said, it’s not a crucial ingredient, so... 
IV1	So, based on your experience with the system, would you... What would be the other item you could try, yes?
00:38:12
P13fd	Yes, so, once you... Once we would get to a point where we would trust the system, I would, like, put all the eggs, yoghurts, milk, like, all the essentials.
IV1	All the essentials. 
P13fd	All the same that's... Like, for example, today, we might need to go to the supermarket because we don't have yoghurts for tomorrow. You know, so we had this pain of: oh, no, now we have to go the supermarket. Because, otherwise, tomorrow we’ll be [or will be a?] ... So, taking that pressure would be superb for us. 
IV1	I see. Actually, the one question that I wanted to ask. You also mentioned that. So, what would it... make it... What would help for you to trust the system?
P13fd	That it must work. You know, it’s just a question of getting nearly to getting it to happen. 
IV1	So, like, getting the item when... before it ends?
P13fd	When... Yes, exactly. So, you... It arrives when you just need it, that would be, kind of, magical.
IV1	I see. Is there anything that you…What would…?
P13od	Yes, the same. I mean... You also need to be, like... I mean, it’s very nice to... I wouldn't mind having something like that. I don't know if I would pay for it when it’s like... it’s a bit random. You know, because it doesn’t really solve your problems. You still need to go to the supermarket for other things, so if you do that, you might as well just buy whatever you need. 
00:39:45
	I think with the cookies, we, kind of... We don't really have an alternative. We’re only... We can only go to the organic shop, right, or Waitrose. With the nuts, we can go to pretty much anywhere.
P13fd	So, we’re talking about the very specific cookies. So, you wouldn't go to Tesco to buy cookies. 
IV1	I see. So, the cookie that you're... you got from the system was not the specific…?
P13fd	It was.
IV1	It was? Oh, okay. 
P13fd	We, kind of... Remember, we were looking for that.
P13od	Yes, yes.
IV2	Yes, I remember. We found them.
00:40:17
P13od	It was exactly the same item. And it’s... So, it was... So, when... I think when it’s for individual items, it really depends on, like, you know, the situation for that item, right? If it’s a wholesale solution for everything in the house, I think it’s like... 
P13fd	That's a very interesting point. So, what you're... What you are saying combining with what I'm saying, is that this service gets value from two ways. One is the critical ones, right, the ones that would make me go to the supermarket now, to get. And the ones... 
P13od	Yes, cookies?
P13fd	No, no. Like yoghurt and milk. 
IV1	It’s the essentials.
P13fd	The essentials, right, that... 
P13od	What the kids need.
P13fd	I cannot start tomorrow without. And the other ones are the delicates [?]. Like, the specific one that you want, and you would need to go to the other side of the city to get it because you can't get it from the corner shop, right?
P13od	Yes, that's true. 
P13fd	When you get very specific to this kind of level, that you would pay for. These two scenarios we would pay the extra payment.
P13od	Yes, that's fine. That's the point. Like, for bread as well, right, that's another... 
00:41:25
P13fd	That's another one that's... 
P13od	That's critical.
P13fd	We’re always like: oh, is the bread short? Like, these days of New Years, when is the bread shop going to open? Did you go into... Oh, we don't have bread for another day – you know?
P13od	Yes, and also because it’s regular. Maybe even it’s simpler because it’s local. So that makes it more viable because, you know, for them to do that on a regular basis, to have somebody go walking around the neighbourhood and just dispatching bread for whoever is running out – it’s sensible. 
P13fd	So, this is, kind of, a part that I find it’s relevant from an ethical point of view. I don't know how much you read about the Amazon warehouse?
IV2	Oh, you mean the Ocado [?]?
P13fd	It was like... 
00:42:06
IV1	The Amazon... The Amazon Fresh?
P13od	No, like, there was an article... No, there was an article about, like, how Amazon runs their warehouses here. How not everything is pressed [?] on time, and people don't have time to go to the bathroom. That’s it.
IV2	Oh, you mean the drivers and stuff, yes.
P13od	Not the driver, the packers, the people who make the shipping. 
P13fd	So, they have, like, a target per hour, and the computer is always showing them how much they're on target, and... 
P13od	Sort of slaves to the machine. 
P13fd	And that put me off Amazon, at the moment, like I didn't order from Amazon since, and I was really, really ordering a lot. And this is kind of what makes you think of...Yes, these services are very nice for us, you know, what does it imply from the background. I always thought, like... The first bag of cookies, the guys are driving in a scooter for an hour, it’s just like... It makes me feel really, really bad.
P13od	That killed you. Yes, that killed you, that old guy was like, oh... 
P13fd	No, it was the next guy. You opened the door to the old guy, but I opened the door to the next guy.
00:43:03
P13od	What did he tell you?
P13fd	Well, he was drenched because it was raining. It was cold because it was night, and he was like: oh, I was told to come today. I had to come from across London to give you this. 
P13od	Oh, wow, really?
P13fd	And we were like: oh, thank you very much, and you open it, and it’s cookies. Oh, no.
P13od	Silly cookies. 
P13fd	So, I think that would kill me. I can't... 
P13od	Had it been eggs, you would feel okay?
P13fd	No, no, I mean, if it was, kind of... 
IV2	Medicine or something.
P13fd	Cyprus Olive Oil.
P13od	Maybe. 
IV1	Yes.
00:43:34
P13fd	Medicine, yes, obviously. 
IV1	I see.
P13fd	Now, some stupid indulgence. 
IV1	Okay, yes, I see. I think, actually, the... Maybe there was the delivery that you mentioned that... So, one of the delivery didn't happen well because the delivery guy lost his signal for a certain time, so he was supposed to come about, like, an hour before, to pick up. And then, I think he had a problem with the phone and the service couldn't locate him, or... So, he had some issues that day. So, I think, maybe, that's why he was more, kind of... 
P13fd	Yes, yes, he mentioned something like... something around not going well.
IV1	Yes, yes, so I think that was him, that he had some kind of issue, yes. Yes, okay, anyway... Actually, so, I'm not... I'm going to ask you more about, I don't know, how we can design this kind of system in the future because you... Based on the issues you experienced and... I think it would be nice for us to hear more about what would be the kind of ways to improve the system, yes.
P13fd	Improve. 
IV1	Do you have any thoughts?
00:44:47
P13fd	Yes, I think all the communications, right, all the, like, what he was saying, what is it? Like, cookie jar, or the, you know... 
IV1	Smart Jar.
P13fd	Smart Jar. So, like, obviously, those problems will go away if you do proper marketing and stuff. Yes, that system of three levels of prioritisation, probably need to work on that as well. 
	The sensors need more, kind of, resilient, that they can go to the fridge, that would, kind of, help us. 
IV2	Yes, it’s annoying, actually, they can go into the fridge, but in some fridges, they don't... the signal doesn’t come out. In my home, it’s fine, and [researcher name]’s didn't work because I tested on some... Yes, it works. And then [researcher name] was like: no. 
P13fd	Yes, it doesn’t. 
P13od	You mean the fridge?
IV2	Yes, the radio just sometimes... 
IV1	Well, bread doesn’t... But, I mean, we also keep bread in the freezer, so that's the problem.
00:45:44
P13fd	Yes, for... 
IV2	Yes, even bigger problem.
P13od	Yes... Even bigger problem?
IV2	I guess because it’s very, very cold, right? That's... You know, for the battery, maybe... 
P13fd	The sensor.
IV2	I don't think batteries can go under 20 [inaudible], under seven, right? Minus seven?
P13od	For... I don't think it’s minus... Is it minus seven in…? In the fridge... refrigerator... In the freezer?
IV2	I don't know. 
IV1	I see. So, actually, listened to the interview that you had even though I wasn’t here, and then I was... find some of the things very interesting that you mentioned about stories behind the product? That you mentioned that at one... For the one product, you could, how you say... The website was something that you mentioned about you know the story behind the product, how it was produced and the farmers talking about, you know... 
00:46:39
P13fd	I think I know what you mean.
IV1	Yes. Yes.
P13fd	It’s related to what I was saying about Amazon. So, I think what I was mentioning was Riverford, and they... On their website, they have this promotional video of the... of their facilities, where they... they don't process it, just package the... And they have all these... It’s very friendly, and they show how the farmers, and the designers, and the people, the admin, kind of, have lunch together. And it feels very, kind of, ethically good. So, you feel very, kind of, warm feeling that you are consuming from them, not only that the vegetables are amazing, but they are properly treating their employees, and... that fine [or…this way?].
IV1	Yes, so I was, kind of, curious if a system like this could help people to be more sustainable. Do you think it would be any kind of way that we... a system like this can help people to be more sustainable?
P13fd	I think you mentioned something in the... you were planning to do local, like, deliveries that you would be matched with other people’s needs around you. Do you have product [?] thoughts on that? How to do that?
00:47:58
IV2	I guess it’s a little bit what Ocado is doing, right, that they, kind of, look in which area needs what, and then one van drives around and... It’s something like that. 
P13fd	Is it? How do they know what do they need?
IV2	They, kind of... I don't know, like, we... I don't know, we didn't think about it further, but... 
IV1	Yes, maybe we wanted to pick your brain, yes.
IV2	Yes.
P13fd	Okay, no, I think if you have the sensors and you have some kind of artificial intelligence working at looking at consumption patterns and people’s sensors, you could have a threshold being more flexible. So, instead of waiting for the 10%, you would say after 60%, I'm already listening for other people around me. And if there is a match, you could suggest that, you know, I would give you this for a discounted price if you order now instead of waiting till the product goes down.
IV1	Oh, so, you're, kind of, more communication between... with the producer, like, the people who are sending the... 
IV2	I know what the people around... In other words, just in the area.
P13fd	In the neighbourhood. So, if you're... Imagine if your neighbour is ordering a single product, or that comes from the same depot or some kind of match that would save you on the transportation, and he’s about to reorder, you would verify all around who are, somehow, in the next week will need to reorder. Then you suggest something like... to optimise the transportation.
00:49:24
IV1	I see. Yes. Another element of these, kind of... this system, was the system was tracking, in a way, how... what you're consuming, and over time, what you have... Did you have any, like, concern about?
P13fd	No. 
IV1	No? Yes. So, if... Because it’s interesting that you mentioned, kind of, in a way if you have the system like that, the neighbourhood might know what you're eating, and... 
P13fd	No, I think... No, no, I don't think the neighbour would have access to the data. The system would be comparing, but not sharing. You know, just abstracting the information, but not sharing the data [?].
IV1	I see. Maybe, could you help me, kind of, better understand, because... Okay, so, when you mention that the system will look for other people, like... other people. So, the system will, kind of, match the different people to buy together…?
00:50:22
P13fd	To send that... yes.
IV1	Yes, but not necessarily the individual wouldn't... they wouldn't know.
P13fd	No, the individual would not know.
IV1	Yes, I see. 
P13fd	So, the system would suggest: would you like to buy this... If you buy now, you would get either a faster delivery or a discounted price. So, you would, kind of, generate all these optimisations. Like, maybe you want almonds instead of mixed nuts because we are buying nuts, buy almonds for everyone in the house. Play around with this marketing, kind of... It’s a bit going in mind with, what you call, mob... mob buying? Mob... What’s the name of the gathering people to buy all at the same time.
IV1	Group buying?
P13fd	Yes, something like that. It’s nothing about mob... mob buying? 
P13od	Flash mobs?
IV2	Yes, flash mobs. Yes, I was thinking of flash mobs too.
00:51:17
P13fd	Yes, it’s a flash mob, but for... It’s probably group buying, right, that put... you say if X number of people would sign for it, you would... 
IV2	The Groupon style.
IV1	Groupon?
P13fd	Yes, Groupon style as well.
P13od	Group purchases. 
P13fd	So, you’d play around with these models of, like... 
IV1	I see. Would you be... It’s interesting that you mentioned that kind of service. That the system is, kind of, innovated [ or...in a way?] ... We’re proactive in kind of suggesting... yes.
P13fd	Well, this is all about the system being, kind of, self-sufficient, right, in a way. I mean, if I am going to be interested in nuts, and you are just sending it one week earlier, I don't find it abusive, maybe other people would find it... 
P13od	Well, what’s... So, what the idea here is that, like, you will…?
00:52:05
P13fd	You might... You run some intelligence in your neighbourhood, and you kind of optimise that you are not, kind of, only responding at one at a time, you are actually looking at everyone’s consumption and anticipating that you might need this. So, today, we are delivering to your neighbourhood, so... 
P13od	Yes. I feel that, I... Going with what Arianna was saying about high-value items, I think this is like something more appealing. Like, going to the butcher, and going to the fishmonger, especially for people who appreciate, like, more, you know... are willing to pay more money for high-value... well, high-quality food ingredients. So, like, we’re, you know... The fishmonger is ten minutes’ walk, 15 minutes’ walk...  
IV2	We rarely find the time to go there.
P13od	And we don't do it every week. We want to do it every week, but we don't do it every week. So, sometimes we run out, and until we go, we are... we don't have fish. So that's... So, then... 
P13fd	That would increase consumption for sure. 
P13od	And then we... Yes, don't... didn't... So, if it enables, kind of, your favourite vendors, because when it comes to fresh food, you need to, kind of, have a... some sort of a... 
P13fd	Trust?
P13od	Yes. Like, I don't know, we Riverford, or was it the other one? We tried fish... 
00:53:27
P13fd	Abel and Cole?
P13od	We tried a fish pack from... 
P13fd	Abel and Cole.
P13od	We didn't like it.
P13fd	I think, or something like that.
P13od	Because you don't know what you're going to get, right, so, therefore, you know... With the vegetables, we got used to, kind of, getting surprises, but with fish, it felt like: we really don't like this fish.
P13fd	 We don't know... A fish, it’s very tricky, if you never saw it, you have no idea how to cook it. 
IV1	Yes.
P13od	No, but also something... You don't... 
P13fd	A vegetable you can, kind of, work around it, but with a fish, it’s... Especially because... 
00:53:52
P13od	You don't like it as well.
P13fd	Fish in England, and fish in Israel, and fish in Portugal, is totally different... You know, cold water, and much bigger, whiter... You know, can't really make guesses.
P13od	Yes, but, so... That would be something I’d really appreciate, like the fishmonger, and that specific one. So, like, local deliveries from, like, your favourite vendors. I’d find it... Like, from... As opposed to some depot, I find it much more...  
P13fd	I think, as much you trust the quality, you would not think about it. 
P13od	I don't know about bread. I think, like... Yes, I like the... that specific bread that we have here, but not necessarily that other bread that is there, even though they are on the same kind of standard. So, I think it becomes tricky. Yes, but you won't... Because it’s a kind of artisanal product. 
P13fd	But if you go to the centre of London, and then you go to Gail’s, you buy bread there, and it’s okay, right? 
P13od	No.
P13fd	Just because it’s Gail’s and it’s, kind of, high quality... 
P13od	No, Gail’s was very different, completely different, I prefer their bread much better. On a regular basis, I have... That would be a strong preference. Bread is artisanal, so you... There’s a certain way of doing it. I guess you're right about fish, if I buy salmon fillets, and they're high-quality, from the fishmonger market, fine, I’ll be willing.
00:55:08
P13fd	Yes.
P13od	Or meat as well, right? So, that's true. But, anyways, it’s a high-value item, which would be very useful for us to have some... 
P13fd	Yes, we finally settled with the olive oil from Waitrose, but we were going to all the Waitrose to buy some Cyprus Olive Oil. 
IV1	I see. 
P13fd	For a while, so I don't... People get crazy, I think.
IV1	Okay. I think I asked pretty much all the questions. Do you have any?
IV2	No, I think that was it, right? I think... yes.
IV1	Yes. Is there anything that you wanted to add before we finish?
P13fd	No, I think we’ve covered it.
IV1	Yes? Okay. Thank you.
IV2	So, thanks.
00:55:54
P13fd	You're welcome. Now you’re going to tell us.
IV2	Yes. No, it’s really annoying that it didn't... So, but... For some people, it didn't work so good. I don't know the scales are...  
P14exit
Speaker Key:
IV	First speaker
P14_mu	Second female
P14_re	Third female
IV2	Male speaker

00:00:00
IV	So first could you tell me about like how you think the system works? Like how would you explain the system to your friend?
P14_mu	Okay, so I've explained it to quite a few friends actually. So I've basically said we chose two products and the containers that we keep those products in are sitting on a little scale and that when it drops below a certain weight the system automatically orders for you. But I've explained that we were able to control what that weight was and to change that if we wanted to. I actually did change mine halfway through and also to have control over how automatic the ordering was, so that I know Simone had it set up that it would just tell her she was running low and she would order manually. I had it set up so it would order but I had chance to cancel it and so on. So that's how I've explained it to people. I don't know about you.
P14_re	Yes I…
00:00:58
P14_mu	Did you do the same?
P14_re	Basically the same, so that we had items and they were on the scales and yes, when it dropped too low we ordered my food and it was delivered by a courier.
P14_mu	[Inaudible] I have told that bit too.
P14_re	In a really hilarious way [inaudible].
IV	What do you mean by hilarious way?
P14_re	It's just quite funny when you get your oats delivered by courier.
P14_mu	Get a knock on the door.
P14_re	Yes.
P14_mu	Here's your bag of oats.
IV	Because it was one single item?
00:01:22
P14_re	Yes.
IV	I see, okay.
P14_mu	And not the kind of thing you would normally have delivered by courier especially when you live three minutes walk from a supermarket.
IV	Actually you mentioned that you changed the trigger for your brown rice. Could you tell me more about…
P14_mu	Yes, I did that because I'd set the trigger at 300g initially and then I noticed a couple of times when I looked on the website that the one day delivery was out of stock, and I thought actually if it's a three day delivery and I'm using rice every day, potentially I might be running very low. So I changed it to 350 so that it would just trigger slightly earlier. That was why, yes.
IV	I see, now I get it. So how did it work after you changed it, how did you think it worked?
P14_mu	I think generally it worked very well. I think one of the things that we have found interesting I think, and I think I'm speaking for you as well because we've had this conversation, is that of course because we each are mainly cooking and eating independently we don't get through things all that fast. So actually we've each only had two orders I think.
P14_re	Two yes.
00:02:25
P14_mu	[Overtalking] you had two as well and obviously my second order, yesterday I was like I want to get… I must get another order in so I ate rice a couple of days when I perhaps wouldn't have done otherwise because I thought for the sake of the trial I wanted to get a second order in. And it's very nice rice as well. So we were both saying that actually for us, although the system worked we kind of… We feel like we weren't using it that much really because we just didn't need to and then actually because also we cook independently, you know I know when I go into the cupboard I know how much rice I've got.
	Whereas if you're part of a family and someone else has used the last of the bread and the person who's doing the shopping list isn't necessarily the person who used the last of the bread it would perhaps be more useful to have a system telling you it was running low. So it worked but I just didn't feel like I needed it really to be honest. I don't know if you've got anything to add. I'm talking all the time; you talk a bit.
P14_re	Yes, I feel like the same. So yes, we shared the observation that we weren't using it very much because we don't get through those items all that quickly even though they're things that we eat every day. But yes for me because I am the only person using any of my food I know when it's running out and it's really easy for me to just order it online anyway.
00:03:48
	So although it was kind of fun I didn't need it to tell me that my oats were running out because I knew that.
IV	I see, okay.
P14_mu	But yes I could imagine for other people in a busy household and if you were using lots of items in that way it could be much more useful. But yes my observation would be that for single people or people living, you know, independently in the same house like we do it's perhaps less useful and less necessary, yes.
IV	I see. So actually I wanted to ask you about… So because you knew that the study was ending so you were kind of eating more rice, but other than that were you kind of noticing any kind of changes or difference of how you consume the product that you're getting ordered?
P14_mu	No, I mean I suppose I do eat brown rice a lot but it obviously depends what I've cooked. I tend to batch cook so I think I said this in the last meeting, so I'll make a big pan of something and then I'll eat that on all the days I'm home for that week, and then the next time I'll make a big… So I did choose during the study to make things that I would eat rice with which… So there were a few things that I would normally cook that I wouldn't have with rice and I chose not to cook those. 
00:05:07
	Again because I was aware that we were taking part in the study and I wanted to make proper use of the system. So that… But that was the only thing and it may… That may have happened anyway, it just depends what I've decided to cook for that particular week. So that was the only thing.
P14_re	I didn't make any changes, so I eat porridge or use porridge oats for my breakfasts when I go to work. So five days a week is porridge oats then the weekend is something else and I just carried on like that.
IV	Okay, so now I'm going to ask you more about kind of… How they say, more particular kind of functions of the system, so to better understand how the system works. So maybe like when I ask a question you can think about it and then answer the question. So with the system how do you think about the kind of timing that the system made an order? Like how did the system do you think know when to order? How did it work? Like…
P14_mu	What you're asking… Like did we find it worked well or are you asking did we understand how it worked?

00:06:20
IV	Actually so maybe I'll ask you differently. So how do think the system did with the… When to trigger the order?
P14_mu	Oh I see, did it trigger it at the right time you mean? Yes.
IV	How did it work for your items?
P14_re	Yes it worked fine for mine. Again because I use the same amount of porridge oats every day and that's really regular I knew what three days worth of porridge with oats is for me, and so I set it slightly higher than that so I knew that even if it was a three day delivery I would definitely have the porridge oats in time. And that worked very well those times.
P14_mu	You did have that time when your scale stopped working at one point didn't it and it said it sent an order reminder when actually you had loads of oats because we were both getting the reminders so…
P14_re	Yes, so there were… There was that error and then today your rice reordered.
P14_mu	Yes, I had… I've had to…
P14_re	Again so a couple of scale errors.
P14_mu	A couple of errors, yes.
IV	Actually yes, we'll be curious about the couple of errors that you noticed. Could you tell me more?
00:07:26
P14_re	So mine the… I had… I think I'd just got a new bag of porridge oats and so it was after the delivery and I had loads left, and the scale was registering that I had I think like none or a very low amount and so it triggered an order. But obviously because I have the… Because I had the manual ordering I just didn't order any and I sent an email to… Yes and then and she asked me to reset the scales and told me how to do that, and so I did that and then it was fine after that. So it was clearly a kind of fault with the scale but yes, so that was what happened with my oats.
P14_mu	And I had a couple of things, so in terms of the ordering and things arriving that was all fine, both times that I needed rice I was able to have… Order it in one day and at a slot that I could be here and that, from that point of view it worked very well. Yes I had a couple of things, there was one time a few days ago I'd lifted the whole scale out of the cupboard with the rice on it because I'd needed to get at something behind it. Put it down on the floor and that triggered it even though I still had the rice on it. Our floors are quite uneven I think and it triggered it, and I had it set up that it would automatically order for me but I could cancel it, so I just cancelled it and that was fine.
00:08:49
	And then yesterday when I actually did use the rice to drop below and I knew because I'd checked how much I had, I knew it would drop below yesterday and it… And then it didn't order it and when I looked on the system there was a time lag on the system and it was saying underneath where it said how much I had, it was saying last reading at and giving a time which was about half an hour ago. And so I thought well I'll wait and see if it catches up and sure enough about 30, 40 minutes then it ordered it, but there was some kind of a time lag on the system there.
	And then today I had rice again today and I took the box and I left the scale where it was and the box off, but when I put the box back on once again it sent an order and so that was very strange because that was just what I've been doing every other time, taking the box of rice out, using it and then putting it back on the scale. And once again it triggered an order and again I was just able to cancel it because it happened immediately so I was there and I got the message.
	So yes, I had more faults than you I think but only in the last few days. I just wondered… I did wonder if the battery on the scale was running a bit low or something and perhaps it was… I don't know, I've no idea but it's been behaving very slightly oddly the last few days. But in terms of the timing it's obviously back again because it reacted instantly again today so that was only yesterday that it did that I think. So one or two little technical glitches.
00:10:12
P14_re	I have one thing as well that I don't think was a fault; I think it was just… So remember you saying about the system kind of being off as it were from nine o'clock in the evening until the next morning? And so on the Sunday that my oats did trigger it triggered it and it kind of sent through that it would be ordered, and I went on and manually ordered it but then it didn't send me the delivery time I think just because it was after nine o'clock so the system wasn't running. 
	And then the next day it sent me the delivery time but because I was at work I didn't check my phone and so the timeout for kind of changing the delivery happened whilst I was at work, and so I couldn't have changed it and as it turned out it was a perfectly fine delivery time and I was here when they did deliver. But that would have been frustrating if it was a time when I wasn't here, but that wasn't a glitch, that was just…
IV	I see. Actually I have one follow-up question. So it was interesting that… So I was curious about what did you think about what you… What did you think about this kind of glitch and then you're thinking like you're kind of trying to figure it out why was the…
P14_me	Yes, why it happened.

00:11:36
IV	Yes, so could you tell me about your kind of… How do you say? Thought process, what kind of thing you [overtalking].
P14_mu	Well I suppose I just… As I said I did wonder today whether… Because I know you said when you left us the scales that the batteries would last for the whole study and that we didn't need to do anything with them, but I thought well it has been four weeks now and maybe the battery's coming to the end of its life and it's starting to behave oddly. And yesterday I wondered the same thing when it was doing this funny time lag and on the website it was saying last reading at 16:40 and it was actually half past five or whatever at this point. I wondered if the computer was not registering properly or…
	So I just… And as I said when I put it on the floor I kind of though oh, well our floors are so uneven so… Yes, I just… It's just the kind of brain I have; I try and figure things out. So but I didn't come to any conclusions. I just went oh well, you know technology, it has glitches sometimes especially when it's in new… You know, it's obviously a trial system; it's not a system that's available commercially. It's being tested and so it's bound to have a glitch here and there, that's why we're testing it. So…
IV	So also another question for both of you. I was curious, you both made a manual order, why you kind of manually make a manual order. So could you kind of tell me about why did you make a manual order instead of letting the system make an order for you?
00:12:58
P14_mu	So I didn't, I had an automatic order set up but I had it that I could change it if I needed to and the reason I did that was because I saw that when I looked at the list of products the top three were brown rice but then the fourth, fifth and sixth were other types of rice that… Some of which I already have in the cupboard and so I thought well I don't want the system to tell me that I'm getting jasmine rice which I have and I can't do anything about it.
	So I like… I wanted to try out the automatic ordering but I wanted to have the option to cancel it. So that if it was… If it had ordered me something that I didn't want I could cancel it, but actually I didn't need to do that. So the only times I cancelled or changed orders was when it had ordered by accident when it had suddenly said I needed rice when I didn't and then something had gone wrong. But the actual orders when it triggered properly I didn't change anything, I left it.
IV	So the automation level worked?
P14_mu	The automation worked for me, yes. I don't think I would have wanted the further automation where I didn't have any say in it but the middle one worked well for me I think, yes.
00:14:11		 
IV	I see but the last order you made was the manual order wasn't it? The last one, the brown rice.
P14_mu	No I don't think so. I don't…
IV	Okay, I will check again later.
P14_mu	Yes, so this was yesterday when the system was doing something funny. I don't think I ordered it manually but maybe I did because the system… I don't think I had. I was… I considered ordering it manually and then I thought I'll give the system a bit of time and see if it catches up and it did, so I didn't think I had ordered it manually but that was when it was glitching so maybe it registered something funny, I [overtalking].
IV	I will check later.
P14_mu	Yes do.
IV	How about you?
P14_re	So I chose the manual order predominantly because I knew that if… And obviously it wouldn't, thinking about it, it wouldn't send a text message in the middle of the day because I wouldn't be using my oats in the middle of the day. I'd be using my oats when I was at home but I just… I was kind of nervous about that kind of ordering it when I wasn't able to pay attention to what my phone was going off on.
00:15:19
	So I guess to avoid the situation that did actually happen with it sending through a time and me not being able to change it because I just hadn't noticed it in time. And I think the middle automation would have worked because I did always end up needing them when I was just in the kitchen using the oats, but yes I was a bit nervous about…
IV	Okay, nervous about like checking the… When to come for the delivery time?
P14_re	Yes, so mainly about the delivery time because when I'm at school I just don't pay attention to my phone for eight hours in a row.
IV	Actually also yes, I was curious about so when you make the system make an order the system kind of chooses an item and like places an order for you. How did you think about the system making choices like what to order?
P14_me	Well like I said that was why I set up the one where I could change it because I was happy for it to choose, you know I'd set my preferences for what was most important to me and I had set that to have the particular type of rice as my highest preference. But as I said I was aware that there were quite a lot of things on the list that still were not that type, so I was happy for it to the choice for me to an extent, but I wanted to have a final say so that I didn't get sent something that I didn't want basically.
00:16:44
	So yes...
IV	But was the order that you got… How do you say? The… Kind of the order the system placed was always the item that you preferred?
P14_mu	Yes it was, yes. So I didn't need to change anything, yes. But I kept the option in case I needed to, but actually both times yes, the automatic order was fine and I just approved it both times, yes.
IV	How about you because I notice that you have different types of porridge?
P14_re	Yes, so for me I think the price and the kind of distance travelled, so whether it was from a local depot or remote order, were almost more important to me than the type of porridge.
IV	Why?
P14_re	So I guess the distance travelled one is to do with kind of environment and liking to source things without them having to be shipped too far. And the price is just because obviously you know, you always want to think about how much you're paying for something and you don't want to pay more than you need to. So for me they would always be considerations, probably with porridge oats a higher priority than which type of porridge I have.
00:18:03
	There are other things where I'd make the choice the other way but definitely the distance travelled, I think that was my main one. I'd like it to come from a local depot rather than a remote depot.
IV	I see. So in terms of the… How do you say? Types of item that you got, like different flavour, like how do you…
P14_re	Yes, the different ones.
IV	Yes, how did you find it?
P14_re	Yes fine, I'm very happy with the… Yes, they're both really good ones so I was happy with both.
IV	Would you… I was kind of curious, if you didn't have the system would you be trying different flavours?
P14_re	No, I'd just go with the ones I've always had.
IV	Okay, then could we say that there might be some kind of changes that you have because of this system? Like you tried different… Okay.
00:18:58
P14_re	Yes.
IV	So having tried different flavours that you wouldn't have tried, was there anything that you kind of felt whether it affected you in any way or…?
P14_re	No, I think I'd probably still stick with the normal ones, like most regularly but I was happy with the ones with wheat bran. They weren't significantly different to be honest.
IV	Now I'm curious, why would you want to keep… How do you say? Stick with the normal ones?
P14_re	I think… I guess it's just one of those kind of psychological things where you just stick with what you know and as you might have guess by the fact that I eat porridge every day at work and never at the weekends, it's just kind of routine so…
IV	So you wanted to keep with something that you know what it will taste like and…
P14_re	Yes.
IV	Okay and… Okay yes. So is there other than the glitches that you experienced, was there anything else that you didn't expect the system like do something, like something that you didn't expect happened during the study?
P14_mu	Not for me I don't think. It all worked… Yes apart from those little things that were obviously a little technical glitch, everything worked the way I expected it to, yes.
00:20:31
IV	I see. So was there any time that you ran out of the item?
P14_mu	No.
IV	Okay good. And then so you mentioned it about the delivery being hilarious. How did you in general thought about the… Think about the delivery? How did it work for you, the delivery?
P14_mu	So I only had one delivery because you've got my second one for me. The second one was delivered for today. Yes it was fine, just the guy knocked on the door and I opened the door and he said this is for you, and I said thank you and that was that. It was just how I expected it to be so…
P14_re	Yes, really smooth. Guy again knocked on the door, handed it over, signed the thing.
IV	Good and… Okay, so now I'm going to ask you more about kind of… How do you say? Interaction you had with the system, like you checking the website and getting the texts and email. So actually you mentioned that you kind of checked the website and could you tell me like how often did you check and why?
00:21:37
P14_mu	I checked it fairly regularly actually because I found it quite fascinating and also I noticed early on that… So I always weight my rice when I'm cooking it which I think is quite unusual. I think most people do it in a cup or something, but I tend weigh it to be more accurate and I wanted to see how accurate the scales were compared with my weighing scale. And they seem to vary a bit; sometimes they were more accurate than other times. So I was just being geeky about it, basically that was why.
	And also I checked a couple of times when I knew that I was starting to run low, I checked to see whether things were in stock because there were for quite a while there only one of the brown rice that was shown as being in stock was the one that was £8 from a remote depot. And I was thinking well I don't really want to be ordering that one if I can avoid it, so I was kind of checking to see whether things had come back in stock. And again actually both times I never sort of delayed ordering or anything like that because of the stock because actually both times when it triggered the order actually the cheaper one was back in stock anyway. 
	So I didn't have to change it but that was why and just because I faff about and I check things. I look on the app for our energy consumption all the time as well because I'm just a bit geeky about it. I'm like oh how much electric did we use yesterday? And I do have a life as well obviously, so it doesn't sound like…
00:22:58
IV	Well actually that's one thing that I find very kind of interesting, that, because I noticed that you're checking the order, even though you are not ordering you are kind of seeing like a list of the…
P14_mu	And that was why, if I knew it was running out because for a long time and I think it was the first week or so and I'd… I can't remember why I'd gone on, I had gone on it for a reason, and then I think because I was wondering how… Whether it was weighing accurately and I wanted to see what it was showing, I had like… And then I looked and I noticed that, as I said, that the only brown rice that was in stock was the £8 one so I think that was… 
	So I checked a few times after that and then other times I think when it was… Now I'm trying to think why I went on the… Again I think I went on a couple of times when it had ordered and it shouldn't have done; I think I obviously went on to see what it was trying to order and to make sure that as well. So that was why. So it was partly just being curious and it was partly when I was trying to make sure that it had done the right thing basically. So yes.

00:24:03
IV	I see. Because you kind of in a way like try to check how the system is working and how the… In a way the product's stock in the market is changing. So overall based on your like four week's experience, how did you think about the… How do you say? After like [unclear] how the system is working what is… What was your impression of the…
P14_mu	What, of what was in stock and what was available?
IV	Yes.
P14_mu	Well as I said, that both times I actually needed something to be ordered it was very easy to have it ordered on one day delivery so from that point of view there was no problem at all. But there were a couple of times that I thought well I think it might order it tomorrow. If it orders it tomorrow will there be something in stock that is not going to cost £8 and come from miles away. So that's… So that was why I went on and had a look, but actually so my experience of when I was looking was that quite often it looked as though some of them were not in stock but actually when my orders went through though it always was.
I think the first time it ordered me the cheapest one that was coming locally and then this time it was the… So I think the first time I paid £3.15 and the second one £5 but I never had to go to the £8 one. So yes, from that point of view it worked well.
IV	I see. How about you? How… Did you go to the website or…?
00:25:33
P14_re	I didn't go to it very often. So obviously I went to it when it told me I needed to order something because I did manual orders, but other than that I didn't really go to it very much. On occasion I did the kind of… The very first, the front page bit where it's got the bar charts to see… Particularly at the beginning I was curious about how much rice I had. Not rice, oats I had. And like I liked watching bar go down, it was quite fun.
IV	Pardon? I didn't get that.
P14_re	It was quite fun to… For like the first day or two just being like oh look, it's changed. But no, I didn't really look at the website very much.
IV	I see. So and how about the text and email that you were getting? Could you share your experience of that, like what did you…
P14_mu	Yes, that was very…
IV	How did you find it?
P14_mu	It was very smooth apart from yesterday when as I said I expected to get a text because I knew that it would have dropped below the threshold and I didn't, and so I went on the website and looked, and as I said it was showing the time lag. But apart from that it…
00:26:33
	There was a text and email straight away which… Text and email, sorry. Which was useful for two reasons. Partly because when things needed ordering I was able to check that I was happy with the order but also because when it had ordered something by accident I knew straight away as well and I was able to cancel it as well. So that, as I said, that happened just this evening. It placed an order and I was like why have you placed an order? I've just… I've got some coming today and I was able to cancel it straight away because I'd… Because the text came through straight away. So yes, that was fine. Yes.
IV	What kind of information did you check when you get the text or email?
P14_mu	So I would check… So it would give me the… I think I one time made a mistake because I thought I needed to click on that to check my delivery slot and actually when I went on I though oh I didn't need to do that, it will tell me the delivery slot. And then I can change it if I need to. So sometimes that confused me a bit at the beginning but also to be honest, even when it had ordered it for me I would… I went on each time to check that it really had ordered what I wanted it to order and both times [unclear] it had.
	So I think if we had been using it for longer I would have started to trust it more that it had ordered what I wanted, but actually it would say we've placed an order and I would go I'm just going to check it really has ordered me the rice I want and not the jasmine rice or whatever from the bottom.
	So that was why I would go on when it has ordered. So I think even though I picked automatic order because I wanted to give that a try I was slightly controlling about my orders as well. I didn't entirely trust it to do it for me so yes.
IV	Actually it's interesting that you mentioned like trusting the system, that it takes time and yet you are not really, you know, like trusting it. Yes, based on your experience though, I'm curious, what would make you to trust the system?
P14_mu	I think just when you'd used it for longer I think. You know, so far I have, you know, four week's experience and quite often of looking on the website and seeing oh actually the thing I want isn't in stock, I hope it's in stock when I need it. But actually both times I needed it it was in stock so I think if that kept on happening then I would stop worrying about whether it was showing in stock or not because I be able to say well I've order five times now and every time it's had what I need. Or I've ordered ten times now and every time it has what I need so I don't to worry about it. So I think just time basically, yes.

00:29:14
IV	I see. Other than the glitch that you experienced was there anything else that kind of in a way lost your trust?
P14_mu	No I don't think, I was just that… Just the fact that I did notice quite regularly that what I wanted wasn't in stock. But no, as I said when the moment came that I needed it it was [unclear]. So actually the irony I suppose is if I hadn't ever looked I would have never known it was out of stock and I would have not worried about it so yes.
IV	Did you check both text and email or what was your main…
P14_mu	I would check the text because I don't have email notifications on my phone so I have to manually check my email on my phone because otherwise it drives me mad. So I would check the text and do it through that, and then next time I happened to be checking my email anyway I would go oh yes, it sent me an email as well. I don't know if that's the same for you.
P14_re	Yes that was the same for me. So I… Yes, I don't use my home email at work so it wasn't open on my computer, so I was just checking my phone and then I'd chase all the texts and then would go on to my emails and delete all the emails without even reading them.
IV	I see. So you mentioned you're looking at the price and the… Where does it come from? And so both of you, was there any other information you would like to get maybe from the text or email?
00:30:37
P14_mu	I think it would have been helpful… I think one of the reasons I kept going on the website is because the text would say you're running out of rice; an order's been placed but it wouldn't tell me what order had been placed. So I had to go on to the website to see is it coming in one day or is it coming in three days? So for example if I knew that I definitely wasn't going to be home in three days or something then I… It would be quite useful if the text said, you know, an order has been placed for you of this type of rice to arrive in one day.
	And then I would have gone okay, well I'll just wait until it tells me the delivery slot. Whereas because it didn't do that I then felt I needed to check that it had ordered the thing I wanted and that the timeframe that I wanted. So if it had that information that would be… That would save having to check then, so that would have been useful I think.
IV	Actually I believe it should have that information…
P14_mu	Does it?
IV	Yes, can I check?
P14_mu	Yes, I'll check, I probably just haven't read it properly.
P14_re	Let me look as well because I always [overtalking].
P14_mu	Right it does have that, sorry. So I'm so sorry, it does have that. You're absolutely right.
IV	Then actually this is interesting. So when… Even though there was information in the text, why did you think you missed that information?
P14_mu	Well I probably didn't at the time, I probably just forgot in the meantime. I think I did read it at the time. So yes, no I did read it at the time, I'm just learning now, I did read it because it's very clear. I mean it's very clear, you can't look at the text and not see it so…
IV	Because I think you made an extra effort to confirm so…
P14_mu	Yes.
IV	I'm curious, I…
P14_mu	I suppose it's probably partly because obviously when it… Because apart from yesterday it sends the text instantly so obviously you're always in the middle of cooking and doing something when you get the text. So actually… Because you know by the nature of it you're in the middle of using your food, so I tended to glance at it very quickly and then kind of finish what I was doing and then go oh I should check that.
	But yes, I mean it does, it absolutely does say. Yes. 
IV	Because I think also other participant or so kind of mentioned it. Like did you check certain information because it was there so…
P14_mu	I'm sure we did at the time. As I said I think the thing that sometimes I've got… And again this is the kind of thing that if you were using it regularly you'd remember, but where it says it's been… So for example this was yesterday's order. You're running out of rice, an order's been placed, this one, you can change this within one hour. As I said I think I've… Because I'd only done it twice I think I thought oh I need to check when it's being delivered and so I would click on and then go oh hang on, no it's not telling me when it's going to be delivered yet and then wait for the next text, and then go okay now I can change the delivery.
	So actually, so I'm talking rubbish. It does of course say it's one day but it was the time thing that… Because obviously it doesn't tell you the time until the order's confirmed. I would go oh I need to check whether I can do the time. Oh no, I can't do that yet. So that was… Yes, that was actually what it was, yes.

00:33:42
IV	Well because now we are kind of looking at the things I'm curious, would there be any way to make it perhaps better for you to kind of notice different…
P14_mu	I would probably say… Because actually as I said I'm sure I did read that, I've just forgotten but because it didn't… Once you've read it and taken it in you don't need to remember it anymore do you? But I think what would be helpful would be if it said you will be sent a delivery slot in one hour because as I said that was why… Because you commented that although my orders were automatic I would go on and check them, and actually as I said I think it's because I'd only done it twice I would kind of go on going oh I need the delivery.
	So actually if it said you'll be allocated a delivery slot in an hour then that might… But again just getting used to it you know. If you've done it more times then you're not going to get confused about that kind of thing so…
IV	Because when I look at it it looks like all the very text [overtalking] not easy to like distinguish and…
P14_mu	That's true, yes.
IV	And then the language also kind of might help to kind of… Better formatting the wording might be more helpful.
P14_mu 	Yes possibly, but again as I said once you got used to the system, you know, especially now we've had this conversation about it and now I've done it twice rather than once. You know because my first order was what, probably two and a bit weeks ago and then my second order was yesterday.
00:35:14
	So that's quite a long time to have done something once and then done it again, and both times I went oh but I need to check I can do the delivery slot. So I don't think I would do that again now, especially I would go well now I need to wait and then it will give me the delivery. So I think it's just familiarity with the system as much as anything else. So yes.
IV	You want to add anything?
P14_re	Well so because the only ones that I was bothered by were the porridge oats ones which obviously were just sending me, so I didn't really read the rice ones. I just went oh it's rice so that's [overtalking]. But the oats ones because I had to click on it to make the manual order, so it kind of… It didn't have any more information because there wasn't more information. So it was fine. 
P14_mu	Because yours was manual.
P14_re	Yes.

00:36:02
IV	Actually I'm curious about… Because you obviously picked one item each but getting the email and text for both [overtalking]. So how did you think about that, like being…
P14_mu	I think because it was only one item each it was fine. I think if it had been lots of items that might have got a bit annoying, but it was… And again you only had two deliveries didn't you so it was just… Yes, it was fine but I think yes, it could have been irritating if it had been lots.
P14_re	I guess a little bit. So I saw the message today about the brown rice when I left work at like 18:50 and I'd seen it had been sent at 18:07, and I thought I don't know if Carla's seen this but I know she doesn't need rice because we'd had the conversation about ordering, it'd be coming today. So I did phone her and say have you seen the texts and have you cancelled it? And she had but I guess there's that kind of like not being quite sure who's… So I'm in charge of porridge oats, she's in charge of rice. It was nice and clear but then if there was a glitch it was like oh who's in charge of this?
IV	I see. Who's in charge of this meaning…?
P14_re	In terms of should I cancel that order or has Carla already cancelled it because if she'd seen it then she would have cancelled it, but if she happened to be busy and not seen it then I should kind of cancel it on her behalf or something so…
00:37:25
IV	I see. So this is kind of something unique and interesting. You mentioned that because you… I don't know was… I wouldn't expect that you would normally be aware or pay attention about each other's…
P14_mu	No of course not, no. Not at all. [Overtalking].
IV	Because of this system sending you this kind of message you kind of…
P14_mu	It never occurred to me before at all how many oats Simone [inaudible]. I have no reason at all to be interested in that, whereas suddenly I was getting messages to say she was running out and I was like oh you're running out of oats. So but again for a few weeks that was just quite funny, but longer term if there were lots of things it could get a bit annoying.
P14_re	Yes definitely.
IV	I see. Actually so related to these kinds of things, so the system in a way, you know, tracking and monitoring your consumption and in your case you're kind of in a way like being aware about other people's because of this system. So how did you think about the system in a way checking your consumption? Like was there any kind of issue because of…
00:38:34
P14_mu	No.
P14_re	No.
P14_mu	Not at all. No, it was fine.
IV	And were you okay with the system like monitoring your consumption and…
P14_mu	I think you know, if I'd chosen for it to weigh chocolate and I was getting three or 200g of chocolate a day I might have felt a bit judged by the system.
P14_re	Yes.
P14_mu	But when you're eating brown rice it's not [inaudible].
P14_re	I was just going to say the same thing actually. I was like it was fine, it was my porridge oats and I use the same amount every day.
P14_mu	And I think also because I knew… We knew that you were watching as well, I think again if it was a commercial system it's all automated isn't it? But I think if I knew that you knew that I'd eaten 1kg of chocolate that week I might feel a bit embarrassed, but brown rice. I didn't eat 1kg of chocolate this week.
IV	Let me see. Actually then if it were chocolate would you be concerned? I think if I… Not if it were an automated system I don't think. Although I think it is interesting to see in black and white what your consumption has been, that could be interesting for something like a less healthy food. To be able to really see in black and white oh goodness me, I've eaten that much of it since yesterday.
00:39:50
	That could potentially be quite useful for some people possibly but I think if I'd known that you were watching and checking activity I might have been like well I'm not going to eat anymore. I wouldn't have chosen something like that anyway because the point was to make it a staple that we were using a lot.
IV	I see, okay.
P14_re	Yes, no I would agree with you.
IV	Okay. Oh actually were you paying attention for the kind of budget that you had, budget at the beginning?
P14_re	Not really. I think because we were both aware that we weren't going to eat that much rice or porridge and so there was no concern that we were going to run out of budget. So no.
P14_mu	No, I mean again, you know, I wouldn't have wanted to pay more than we needed to but equally yes, as you say we knew that it wasn't our money in a sense. So no, we weren't concerned.
00:40:45
IV	If it was your money would you have been concerned?
P14_mu	I probably would have been more concerned about whether it was ordering the more expensive products if it had been my money, yes. But even so I'm naturally thrifty so even when it wasn't my money I still… And it sort of is our money isn't' it? You know, we get the messages so obviously the less we spent the less we were going to get, but equally I think we were both accepting, we both wanted… Neither of us wanted to go [inaudible] so we only used it once and then we'll get all the money because that's not in the spirit of the test either. So it was… Yes, no we tried to… I think we tried to do it [overtalking].
P14_re	I think I kind of… I imagined that I was spending my money which is why I chose to have the £2 porridge oats or whatever, £3 porridge oats, rather than going for some of the more expensive ones. But I didn't pay much attention to what was or was not left in our budget because I knew there was plenty there. So it was more just me imagining if it were my money what I would spend.
P14_mu	Yes, I mean I still as I said before wanted to be… One of the reasons why I was… Why I checked the stock was that I had noticed that for a while it was only the £8 rice that was in stock and I thought well I don't really want to be spending £8 on rice, that's a bit ridiculous. So yes, that's… I did think about it from that point of view but like Simone I never worried about the budget running out because it was obviously not going to. Yes.
IV	Okay so let me… Okay, so now I'm going to ask you more kind of… How do you say? Going to… Reflective question, right now you're kind of… Like think about the looking back and then like more kind of thinking about it…
00:42:30
	How do you say? From a distance in a way maybe, overall. So how about… How would… What did you like most about the system and what you didn't like most about the system?
P14_mu	I think the thing I liked about it most is… I mean it's always nice having things delivered to your door and not having to go anywhere and also one of the reasons I wanted to make sure I got a second order in is that it's really nice quality rice, and it's nicer than I can get in our local supermarket. And I've really enjoyed the rice that was delivered. It's got a really lovely nutty taste to it, so I really wanted another bag. So I think the quality of the rice that was delivered was… And the fact it came to my door was my favourite thing. 
	My least favourite… I think my least favourite thing was probably not having complete control over what I was buying and when I was buying it probably. And although that was fun, so for a few weeks that was really fun, I think in the long term I probably would prefer to have more control over it I think, yes.
00:43:40
IV	Actually I'm curious because it's something that… It is something that is in a way tricky to balance, like you said that it's good that you're getting it delivered.
P14_mu	The convenience is good, yes.
IV	And the convenience but then if you want to have more control, like you want to have control when you want it then each time you need to kind of in a way like put on time and effort to do setting up. So how would you kind of think… Would you be willing to have more control by… Or…
P14_mu	Yes, I think the thing for me, certainly in my current situation, is that I couldn't ever see myself actually using a system like this and although I can see that it's valuable for some people in some situations, you know, I'm cooking and eating just for myself so I know what I've got and what I haven't got. And we live within five minutes walk of a big supermarket and the centre is local, and lots of independent grocers and we're getting a Marks & Spencer's food hall across the road next year. 
	And I just think for me it's so convenient to run out and buy something that I realise I've forgotten if I need it that it's not a system that would ever be useful to me. I think if you're running a busy household and a big family, and or you live remotely then it's probably much more useful. So it's not that I think the system in itself isn't valuable and useful and has potential, but I think for me it's probably not I would use personally going forward so…
00:45:16
IV	How about…
P14_re	So I think fairly similar in that the things… So in some ways one of the things I liked about it… Yes, it was just convenient, it's just so easy and even just having kind of the limited choices and not having to think that much about what I was buying, I try and make quite careful decisions with my food and I do order my food online. So I do an online shop every week and one of the things that frustrate me about shopping online is that I can't be quite as careful with my food because they don't always give you all the same information as you can get from looking at the actual food in the shop.
	So in one sense I enjoyed not having to think about it but again in the long run I would feel like I should be thinking about it and I would want to have that slightly more control about where my products were coming from.
IV	Yes, so I remember you mentioned about like you wanted to know where the like origin, the country, British and yes.
P14_re	Exactly.
IV	So that kind of information would be… How about something you didn't like?
00:46:24
P14_re	So I guess… Yes I guess in a kind of longer term that would be what I didn't like. So in the short term it was quite nice because I didn't have to think about it, but in the longer sense.
IV	I see. Yes, so actually this is something that is related to what you said and also there were other participants who also had a supermarket quite near to their place, so he also mentioned the same thing, because it was so near you didn't necessarily use this kind of service. But still I want to ask you a question about like would you continue if you have this system available? Would you like use this system or do you think actually like because of what you said you wouldn't really use it?
P14_mu	I think in my current circumstances I wouldn't. If my circumstances changed then I would think about it but I think also, and again I recognise things would be very different if it was being done commercially rather than on trial, but obviously in the long term it's not sustainable to pay £5 for a bag of rice. So I think it would depend on what the system was like when it was actually running commercially and also actually just the practicality of… Again it's to do with our circumstance but a lot of people will have the same thing that we have, quite limited space in the kitchen and just to have things standing on a scale…
	You know I realised I had to be very careful that I didn't put anything else on top of that box of rice whereas actually quite often I would have something else stacked on top of that to use the space and obviously I made sure I didn't do that for the four weeks.
00:48:07
	But actually the thought of having lots of different products all having to stand on scales, just the practically of it in its current form I think is a bit lacking perhaps and again obviously I recognise this is the point of testing, and it's at a very early stage. But… That's the neighbours setting the smoke alarm. But yes, as I said I think in its current form in my current situation I wouldn't use it, but if either of those things change… So I wouldn't rule it out, I definitely wouldn't rule it out so…
IV	Because it's kind of useful for us to understand like you say what kind of situation or like lifestyle this kind of system would fit better or not, so it's very good to like [overtalking].
P14_mu	Interestingly I had… Sorry just before Simone answers, I was speaking last night with Rebecca who… She and Anthony were the people who put us in touch with you and I was saying to her that you were coming today and you were talking about our trial and things. And she made an interesting point that I'd said to her what I'd just said to you, that for me and in my situation as a person who's on my own and therefore I know what food I've got. And she was saying her experience was different sometimes someone else had used the last of something and she didn't know about it.
00:49:24
	And I was saying you know I just don't think perhaps single people would use it as much and she made the point that actually often that, you know, there are lots more people living in single person households now and especially younger people living in house shares or whatever. And actually they tend to be the more early adopters of technology as well, so actually that's quite an interesting point that actually perhaps the people who are more likely to early adopt your technology are not necessarily the people for whom this technology's going to be the most useful.
	So that might be an interesting way of looking marketing and how to market something. So that's her comment not mine but I thought that was an interesting observation and worth passing on.
IV	Yes, it's nice to have a [unclear] of kind of interview [inaudible]. How about you?
P14_re	Yes, so I think because I do my shopping online I've just been sitting here thinking about what the answer would be and that initially I would have thought that my answer would be the same as Carla's and I would agree that actually in some ways I don't think it's entirely necessary. But I was thinking so I did my online shop on my phone today at work in my lunch break because I didn't know when else I was going to get time to do it.
00:50:36
	And I just thought actually if it had kind of like an automatically populated of these other things… Like so if there was the technology and it had the scales and it had kind of rather than sending a text message each time it just knew that I was going to do shop on Friday because I always do it on a Friday and I could just go to the website and say these are the things that are in my basket already and I could just click accept. Like that would make it so much quicker. So that kind of thing actually I probably would use.
	Although again the problem would be as Carla mentioned kind of how to organise your cupboards in way that meant that everything had its own individual scale.
IV	I see. Wasn't the… I don't know, I don't do much online shopping but wasn't like the online shopping also have like certain favourites?
P14_re	Yes, so it has favourites but obviously there are some favourites that I don't currently need. So for example porridge oats would be one of my favourites and I know I don't need it and other things I don't need every week but that I do use when they run out and they're just in my favourites list. So it does make it quicker but I have to select from my favourites what are the things that I know I need? 
00:51:53
	Whereas if that was kind of automatically selected for me it would just be one step less to think about.
IV	Because the system will actually know if you are running out or [overtalking].
P14_re	Exactly yes. I mean I always know whether I'm running out or not but if I'm doing my shopping at work rather than at home there are things that maybe I haven't paid attention to or… And just it does mean that it would be one step closer because I'd not be clicking to put things in my basket, I'd be chucking anything out that I didn't want. So if it was like that I'd probably use it, yes.
IV	I see. So I think I have like only one or two questions left. So something that'd be more speculative now. Could you imagine a system like this to help you to be more sustainable?
P14_mu	Sustainable in what sense?
IV	Like… It can be broad, like in reducing food waste or being sustainable in a way that you know like buying the local food.
P14_mu	In terms of the food waste and sustainability I don't really waste food anyway. I plan what I'm going to eat and I buy what I need and I very rarely waste food. So I could imagine for some people maybe it would, I don't know, but not for me. In terms of buying locally and things, again I think you'd need… There'd need to be more information. So I think although I probably am not quite as on it as Simone is in terms of looking at where things come from and things, I do have the same concerns.
00:53:41
	If I'm going round the supermarket and there are some apples that are British and some apples that came from Spain then I will buy the British ones. I… Sometimes I'm in a rush and I don't look and I think you're better, you always look and you're better at it than I am but…
P14_re	In a supermarket I always look but I can't look online.
P14_mu	No exactly so I think it could only help with that if you know, you could… I suppose I could see a future where the system might have… In the way that we were able to say what were our priorities for price and timing and delivery and for the… Kind of how specific the item was. I suppose I could see if there was a way that the system could be set up so that you can select your own kind of ethical things. 
	So if you could say what's most important to you, is it that something is Fairtrade or is it that it's locally sourced or is it that it's organic or whatever it is and you could order those priorities, I suppose that could be something that would help you. That would be the way to do what you're saying in the supermarket shop I can't do and help you to make those choices on an online system.
00:54:44
	Then obviously the system, the way it is at the moment, I don't think I can do that, but potentially in the future.
P14_re	And I would agree, I don't really waste, we don't waste very much food at all and so I don't think it would help me to reduce food waste. And in its current state it wouldn't help me with [unclear] at all so that would only be if there was that option.
IV	Actually this is something that I'm curious… So because from the first interview that I remember that so you are particularly paying attention to where it's coming from and you are kind of… Like pay attention to the Fairtrade…
P14_mu	Definitely Fairtrade, yes.
IV	But not necessarily where it's coming from, like…
P14_mu	I try to but I don't always remember, yes.
IV	But do you think, because you mentioned that, do you think if the system offered the kind of feature do you think it would be useful for you? You would like to use the system?
P14_mu	That would be useful yes, but I don't think that it would be useful enough that it would make me use the system because of the other reasons I've mentioned.
00:55:58
	But definitely it's something that if I were to be using the system it's something I would really value. Yes, definitely.
IV	Yes, so for me one final question. So you mentioned a lot of things there, it was very helpful and then you also that how it would be better, like if the system worked in a different way, but is there anything that you think that… What will make the system work better for you? Like what will be the improvement that we could think about to make it work better for you or maybe kind of in a broader sense? Other than you… Things that you mentioned already. Is there anything?
P14_mu	Not that I can think of, I feel like we've mentioned quite a few things doing this already haven't we? So the… Yes, the fact that perhaps if you could choose whether things were coming from local or whatever, the fact that the scales in their current form are a bit impractical. I think if it was going to be a workable system that would need to be streamlined. Yes perhaps… No I don't know. I was going to say that knowing when the delivery is but you would just get used to that and know what information you need. I don't know, can you think of anything else?
00:57:20
P14_re	No, I think we… I think I've said most of the things that I [inaudible].
IV	Do you have anything?
IV2	Yes, just one question actually. So earlier on you mentioned that you know more or less or even quite accurately how much oats you consume and so you then looked into making the [unclear] order to be slightly more than three days. So I was wondering did you then manually select the three days option or would it happen the first time like say you have three days of oats left but then you get a one day delivery so you end up having sort… Like more than…
P14_re	I can't quite remember what I did but I think I… So I know I chose kind of local depot each time, so I wanted to have the three days so that I knew I could choose to get it from a local depot.
IV2	Did you have the… Sorry, I was not here in the first interview obviously. How do you store the oats, do you have like a box or do you leave it in the bag or…?
P14_re	I have them in a box. I have them in the bag in a box actually but yes, so I just put both lots in. So when I got my delivery, the most recent one, I still had some oats left and I just put both bags in one on top of the other then used the old oats first.
IV2	But not to the point that it was… They wouldn't fit or something like that?
P14_re	No, I didn't have to [unclear].
00:59:04
IV2	Thanks.
IV	Actually because of that I have one question. So when there's glitches you kind of… How do you say? In a way think oh this technology is so… Always has this kind of limitation but if you could, because you had to kind of, you know, guess what went wrong in the beginning, so what would you… If possible what would be, you know, helpful for you to better understand whether the system is actually being accurate? What would help, like what kind of… How do you say? Information or feature do you think will make it easier for you to figure out whether the system is actually functioning right or if there was a glitch?
P14_mu	I don't know really. Think it was usually fairly clear when it was a glitch because again, you know, obviously like Simone was saying with her oats and I've got a fair idea of, you know, what 200g of rice or 300g of rice looks like in the box. So it was normally fairly… Or you know, for example today when it tried to order when… But you've ordered yesterday, it's coming. You know I think it was always fairly obvious that it was a technical glitch.
	So I don't… Yes, I don't know. I mean I suppose if it was the system running commercially I guess to have some kind of technical support available would be useful, if there was some way you could call or somewhere you could email to say you know, in the way that you had to when the scales went wrong, you just emailed [researcher name]  didn't you?
01:00:48
	She was easily able to talk you through sorting it out. So yes, I mean I think for this, the purpose of these few weeks either we were able to figure it out. So if I realised it had ordered something by accident I could easily just cancel it and I just went oh well, it's done something weird. Whereas I think if it was an ongoing system and we hadn't known there was someone else coming to see it again then I suppose I might be starting to go oh it's done that a couple of times now, I probably should find out what's happening.
	So yes, I guess just like with any technological system, you know your broadband goes wrong you have somebody you can call don't you? So I guess… But for the purposes of the trial that was… It was fine.
IV	Yes. Okay good. Yes, so have you looked at the data actually? The… How you say? The graph that… Showing…
P14_re	No.
P14_mu	No, it's going to show me that on the website all the time. Basically I'm a [inaudible] so sometimes I work at home and I'm bored and I pick my phone up, and I'm fiddling with my phone. I'm like oh let's see how many… How much rice I've got.
01:01:46
IV	So you can get it on your website but this is… I just kind of…
P14_mu	No I haven't seen this at all.
IV	I think the graph is kind of very poor quality but I think that the upper one is brown rice and the second one was the porridge.
P14_re	Porridge.
IV	Yes. Actually you made on… I think you had an order… Let me check. I have a list of orders that you had. So you have two orders. Yes, actually at the beginning, so this is the time that you had a first order and then obviously it went up. And then this is the second time you had an order and I was curious, there's a kind of jump here so was…
P14_re	I don't know. Maybe that's when the… It had the glitch. 
IV	I see.
P14_re	I think that must be when it had the glitch and I had to reset the scale. I don't know what the day is but that's probably what that is.
01:02:45
P14_mu	Yes because it was showing much lower that you had, it was like… [Overtalking] if you're getting the information that…
P14_re	Because I realised because it had… It triggered an order and I knew I didn't need and order.
IV	I see and then I was curious about why you cancelled it and you explained this so…
P14_mu	Yes because it just… Yes as I said I lifted it down onto the floor and that triggered it [unclear].
IV	So now looking at your graph is there something that you learnt from the… Something that you find it interesting or…
P14_mu	No it looks like I would expect basically. Yes, it's just going down fairly evenly and then up and then…
P14_re	Yes.
IV	Okay good. Thank you very much.
P14_re	You're welcome, thank you.
IV	You can keep it.
01:03:31
P14_mu	Oh okay, thank you. I'll treasure it.
IV2	And there's a reward.
IV	So we… Check that our… Just first stop the recording first.







 
P15exit
Speaker Key:
IV1	Interviewer, Female
P15_ES	Female
P15_son	Male
IV2	Interviewer, Male 

IV1	So the first question will be so now that you have the system for about a month, how do you explain about how these kinds of systems work, like say to a friend how you describe how this system works?
P15_ES	How the system works? Well, the system is good, I found the system good because it gives you an insight of how you use certain products, obviously, we were very specific. We chose potatoes and pasta which is something that we, it’s very much part of our diet. I’ve noticed that the first few weeks we were consuming more. But then we changed it, we changed, when I changed from the type of pasta and the type of potato I noticed that there was a decrease in terms of consumption, because we don’t eat as much sweet potato as we use, you know, like normal potatoes and the same goes for the pasta.
00:01:00
We eat more pasta than we eat any other kind of, you know, any other kind of pasta really. Well, sorry, we use spaghetti and the last time we picked fusilli which is, you know, but fusilli we only use it with certain things, you know, because there’s a difference in taste. There’s a difference in texture. There’s a difference in all of that. So, I’ve noticed a decrease. We’re pretty much pasta people like spaghetti people we like it, and it was good. It was a good experience because I’ve noticed that we’ve used the same, we’re on a cycle that we always buy the same things and we always eat pretty much the same things. We normally don’t change much.
IV	I see, how about you, do you want to add anything?
P15_son	Yes, I mean, yes, at least we’re getting other, we had a lot of spaghetti. I don’t think the potatoes we had as much.
P15_ES	You cooked the sweet potatoes.
P15_son	Yes, it was only a little bit, it wasn’t too much, but in terms of consuming we didn’t consume a lot.
P15_ES	No, because I noticed that they’re going a bit off as well, but it’s just because of, obviously, it gets warmer inside and things like that, but we’re not eating it as expected. I think if it was normally potatoes then we would probably be using it either for soup or for, you know, alternative ways of consuming.
00:02:28
IV1	Actually based on what you said I have two questions. So first you mentioned that first you are consuming more, so is it consuming more compared to like previous? So, for example, first you got the spaghetti and then like you’re consuming more than you would consume before you having that service, or you are just comparing with other types of pasta?
P15_ES	I think it’s to do with the time of, with the period of the year as well. We’re on, we’re working harder so we have less time to cook. So that means that we have to be, we have to be quick meals and I’ve noticed that pasta is just easy, you know, spaghetti you quick fix and you can eat it with anything. I think it’s more to do with that than anything else than the fact that, you know, we’re getting the spaghetti delivered or something. It’s just the fact that it’s an easier meal to cook regularly. Yes, because we’re eating once a week at least.
P15_son	Yes, I think once we had it more than once.
P15_ES	More than once, yes. 
IV1	I see, are you ran out of the pasta that you have for the delivery for the last time?
P15_ES	No, we didn’t, no. 
IV1	You still.
00:03:51
P15_ES	We still have it because we had fusilli as an alternative.
IV1	And you still have Fusilli? I see.
P15_ES	Yes, I have a bit of Fusilli it’s only me and Jake that consumed it last time, isn’t it, really.
IV1	So the second question is about so when you had fusilli there was the system that kind of picked the fusilli for you or you did it?
P15_ES	No, I decided to, I was just exploring the system and I saw that there was a manual option, yes, because I was on automatic, and then when I went to the manual option I said, oh, I can choose a different pasta so I’m going to pick a different pasta, and when I did there was a glitch in the system. I don’t know whether if it was because of my iPad.
IV1	Oh, that was when…
P15_ES	Yes, so that’s when I had the glitch. I said, oh, I can actually choose something else, something different this time, and when I went and I picked the potatoes and I picked the fusilli the system was just going up and down and I only realised when, you know, you receive the confirmations then I’m like, oh my God, I didn’t know, I wasn’t supposed to order all of this because it was coming it’s pending, it’s to be confirmed, to be confirmed, I said, no, I just want one and then, yes, then I don’t know what happened. I think it was either your system or.
00:05:05
IV1	Yes, I think it was a glitch.
P15_ES	A glitch, wasn’t it, yes, because I generally pressed one and then it just like did its own thing.
IV1	I see, actually I’m curious about that part too, so when you receive all like multiple messages like what was your reaction?
P15_ES	I was like, oh my God, I messed up the system instantly. I said, oh my God, I don’t want all these delivered at once because I know that you have like depots and things like, you know, everything is pretty scheduled. So, I was only hoping that you would trigger as an error and I would get one delivery because I only got one confirmation in the end and I said, okay, then that’s fine. But just for reassurance I sent you the email saying, you know, this happened and things like that, but I only received one confirmation that I was going to get the delivery so…
IV1	I see, was it like, how, do you remember how long did it, how do you say, did it take for you to check the confirmation, was it kind of soon enough, because you’re saying that you’re waiting whether the system will consider them those as an error, so did you have to wait for a long like expecting?
00:06:18
P15_ES	No, when I went on the website it was showing TBC. 
IV1	Ah, I see.
P15_ES	So and then you get an email, you get a text message, so I only got one text message. The text message took about maybe a few minutes to say, okay, this is going to be delivered or you’ve ordered this something some sort of acknowledgement. But on the website, it was actually showing to be confirmed, to be confirmed, so that’s when I saw the list of products I said, oh my God, no, it’s definitely.
IV1	So you were kind of monitoring what changes whether, how it will end up? I see.
P15_ES	Yes, it would end up, yes, and I think there was, was it an email a system as well. I think I was receiving it through my emails as well.
IV1	Both the system email?
P15_ES	Yes, the system was emailing as well so I was a bit concerned. I said, I don’t want this, this is too much.
IV1	So did it help for you to kind of in a way, how do they say, address this issue when you could see the like TBC and what kind of information was, how do you say, what kind of information was helpful during that time when you are encountering this issue about how you deal with this issue?
P15_ES	Well, the thing is both systems like the emails and the text messages obviously they were helpful because it was giving me information telling me what’s going to happen next.
00:07:44
	But I was, my guidance was the website, so I was more concerned with the fact that the website was not showing that it was an error or that there was some sort of, okay, we’re trying to sort this out or, you know, have you ordered this? I wanted like sort of a question in regard to the amounts that I was ordering because then it would give me, it would give me an idea that you guys know that I’m ordering that amount, and then obviously queried why you’re ordering so much and you know, yes.
IV1	I see, okay, that’s good.
P15_ES	Yes, so just some sort of an acknowledgement that, you know.
IV1	So it would have been more helpful if there was a certain kind of acknowledgement that you can tell the system is kind of in a way?
P15_ES	Trying to sort it out or trying to understand how it happened, even if it’s like a genuine glitch in the system I think there should still be, there should be a question saying are you sure, do you want to order this quantity, was it ordered in error or you know? Something like that to give us some sort of reassurance, and if so then we can go back to you and say, yes, sorry.
IV1	Yes, and then another thing about so I’m curious so you, when you made the manual order trying different types of…
P15_ES	Different things.
00:09:20
IV1	Fusilli and sweet potato.
P15_ES	Sweet potato.
IV1	What was the, how do you say, what made you think about ordering?
P15_ES	Just to have a different experience because it was available. If it was just the things that we set up initially I wouldn’t, obviously, it would stay like that. But because I went, I scrolled down, I was genuinely just exploring because I remember your colleague said, yes, there’s more. You’re on auto, but there’s the manual option, and I was just looking at it and I was just exploring and said, oh, there’s other things, there’s other options. So, then I just picked what alternatives we would have to what we consume.
IV1	I’m curious, what triggered you to explore at that time?
P15_ES	Because when you left it I didn’t really look at it much. I was just looking at the, you know, the scales and seeing how much, you know, we were consuming because obviously…
IV1	You mean on the website?
P15_ES	Yes, on the website because it shows…
00:10:21
IV1	The black box.
P15_ES	Yes, exactly when it hits a certain level, and I was just looking at that detail, I wasn’t exploring anything else. So that day I just said, oh, what is manual, what is auto, let me just explore manual that was it, because I wasn’t really engaged from when you left, when we started the experiment I wasn’t really engaged. It just was more towards the end that I said, oh, okay, let me see what’s in it.
IV1	So I’m curious what will be the, maybe the reason that initially you’re not, like you said, not as engaged like initially but later you become more curious?
P15_ES	More aware.
IV1	Yes, what will be the, what kind of drives the changes?
P15_ES	First of all it’s just because I left the page up.
IV1	The page up?
P15_ES	The page on my iPad it was up, and I was like just deleting pages and I saw that one. So I left it because I said if I delete it or if I close it for some reason I will not remember to go back on it.
IV1	That’s interesting.
P15_ES	So it was just there. I left it open with the details saved and everything and I was just looking.
IV1	So you were deleting different multiples like Windows and…
00:11:37
P15_ES	Different things, pages, Windows and then I came across that one, yes.
IV1	Oh, I see, that’s interesting.
P15_ES	But I didn’t close it just because I wanted to, you know.
IV1	But you mentioned that you were looking at the box, so for that one where did you checking, like do you remember how often you’re just checking that box?
P15_ES	That box I think it just, it was just updating itself with the scales, isn’t it, because it’s connected to the scales and I was just seeing the levels where they were. and I said, oh, yes, that’s accurate. And then I looked at the bowl and said, yes, that sounds about right. I was just sort of trying to see if the system was reading properly.
IV1	But were you checking that like occasionally during the study?
P15_ES	Not really.
IV1	So when you, how do you say, happened to see that, how do you say, the page then…
P15_ES	Then I went to and, I was not checking it like regularly, I wasn’t, no.
00:13:34
IV1	Oh, I see, so you see that and also you kind of tried the menu or order, was there any other thing that you checked at that time? I’m just curious.
P15_ES	Not really, no, I didn’t see anything else.
IV1	Actually I’m curious, let me ask this question. Okay. So, I’m curious because when you remember there is another option and you could see that this stuff the option and choose different things, but if you didn’t have the system would you try different flavours to try something, some different types of like pasta or potato if you are just buying from the store as you would do usually?
P15_ES	I do tend to buy different types. I tend to have like three or four options of pasta. Not that I’m going to use them all. It’s just for occasion because obviously it lasts a long time and you know, you might want to have a thicker type of pasta that goes with a particular, like if you want mussels or if you want seafood with pasta you want something a bit more, you know, consistent. So, you go for the tortilla, what’s the name of that, the thicker one, the thicker pasta?
IV1	Penne?
P15_son	I think it’s tagliatelle.
P15_ES	Tagliatelle, that’s it tagliatelle. And then but tagliatelle takes ages to cook so it’s not the quickest option. It is when you have the time and all of that and it’s quite heavy as well in terms of, you know, digesting. But I tend to have fusilli, spaghetti, penne, every now and then we have penne as well and I either the angel, they call it the angel pasta which is like angel…
IV1	Oh, the fine one.
00:14:41
P15_ES	The fine one, yes, so I always try to have different types, you know, for different occasions, yes.
IV1	I see, okay. How about you do you want to add anything about having different types of pasta or potatoes?
P15_son	Yes, just different recipes, different ways of cooking.
P15_ES	Yes, I remember a few weeks ago we were having pasta and we wanted different things, so my partner wanted a particular pasta to do, because he was doing his own mixture and we were doing ours. So, we ended up cooking two different types of pasta, yes, which worked perfectly but you know. But we were struggling a little bit because we were looking for penne. There was a bit of penne, so we decided to give that to him because there was a smaller portion, and then what did we have? We had fusilli.
P15_son	Yes.
P15_ES	We were looking for fusilli, there was fusilli and penne I think that was it, so we sort of split that way like, okay, make ourselves happy, make everybody happy. Yes, but it doesn’t happen very often, normally we all have the same, but on that occasion.
00:15:47
IV1	I see. Also, one thing that I find curious was that at the beginning you mentioned that you kind of become more aware about how you consume. So, with the same pasta, the spaghetti and baking potato you are consuming kind of more, but when you choose different things you saw a decrease in consumption. So, I was kind of curious because even before you’re having this system you were trying different like taste of either, so before did you kind of notice this kind of thing?
P15_ES	The pattern.
IV1	Yes, the pattern, like decreasing…
P15_ES	Yes, because I’m the type of person that I don’t like things to go, I don’t like to go off things like I don’t like not having things available for the next meal. When I do the shopping I always try to project that, okay, we’re going to consume one kilo of spaghetti so let’s buy a kilo of spaghetti. Although I know that towards the end of the month we would have consumed like 800 grams or something, but it’s towards, you know, the one kilo, so I try to always project it so that we don’t run out because that’s the worst feeling ever. Like when you think, okay, let me cook this when I get home, and then you find out that you don’t have it and you didn’t buy it on the way and it’s just really frustrating sometimes.
IV1	I see, okay, so let me rephrase my question again. So, I’m curious whether because when you’re ordering different types of fusilli and sweet potato were you expecting that you would eat less because you’re ordering different types? Because I was curious because you mentioned that you become aware that you didn’t eat as much with these different types, so I was wondering whether it was something that you kind of realised or become more aware with…?
00:17:47
P15_ES	With the sweet potato it was a bit of a, I shot myself in the foot because I thought that we were preparing a meal for all three of us and my partner ended up not eating. So, we didn’t cook as we normally would with the same quantity where, you know, everybody eats and everything. Because I’ve noticed as well at this stage of my pregnancy my appetite is decreasing and our main meal is dinner because we’re out, we’re out and about, you know, we normally eat out or whatever, so our main meal is dinner. If I’m not eating so it means that there’s going to be a decrease.
	I may cook for them, but if I’m not included then obviously the portions are smaller. So, there’s a number of factors. It’s not just the fact that obviously there is the experiment, but there is a lot of dynamics as well changing around us so that contributes to the decrease because you know, I could have cravings for sweet potato but it’s not the case, I don’t have that craving. So, it would stay there until you actually decide to do something with it. And normally what we do is we put it in a stew, isn’t it, because Jon likes to use sweet potato in a stew if he cooks a stew.
00:19:06
	Or we use it like we roast it, or we use sweet potato like that, but there hasn’t been really, you know, much of an appetite for it. And I sort of said, oh my God, it’s more than I was expecting because when I saw the bag I was like, oh, I thought it was only going to be a couple of them and then it would be finished.
IV1	Ah, so you get more than you expected.
P15_ES	I got more than expected the portion, yes, and they were quite big sweet potatoes actually I was quite surprised. But I think it was the equivalent to maybe a kilo because we had initially said one kilo of potato, normal potatoes or baby potatoes I think we had.
IV1	So if you were buying the sweet potato for like not using the system would you be buying less than you are?
P15_ES	I’d be buying maximum two and very, you know.
IV1	Oh, that’s interesting.
P15_ES	Yes, and very proportionate size not the big ones. The ones that you sent to us they were quite big, weren’t they? You remember you’re the one who was slicing them.
IV1	Yes, so based on just one your explanation of how you experienced it actually I wanted to ask you more questions about it. So, you told me about your experience, but other than those ones that you mentioned, how did the ordering the system like work for you, for example, like the autonomy level?
00:20:41
P15_ES	It’s really good. It was very accurate. The deliveries were on point, never had any issues with it. At one point it was actually delivered to the concierge because I don’t think we were at home possibly or we had some sort of difficulty. So, they just delivered there. But I have to say that the quality was really good. It’s the same as what, you know, what we would buy because you did say that it comes from random depots, yes. So, it’s not branded so we don’t know where you’re getting, but it’s fine because we have issues with branding, don’t we?
IV1	Well, actually I remember when you said the autonomy level for high at the beginning you were kind of, oh, let’s like try the high full automation I was curious now that you kind of experience the full automation how did it work, like did it work as you expected or…?
P15_ES	Well, I think I would probably if it was me buying it I would probably wouldn’t buy that amount. I think it was quite ambitious in terms of weighing and you know, and things because we were trying to set up a limit where, you know, and how much to order and I think it was a bit higher than we could have.
IV1	You mean one kilogram.
P15_ES	Yes, it could have been a bit lower.
00:22:18
IV1	I think it’s speculative, but it was based on what you said then would it be like if you are going to in a way continue to use this system would it be, what would be the better way to, for you to decide the proper portion? Would it be just reducing the portion lower than one kilo or would it be better for you to decide every time you wanted to have like how much for this order?
P15_ES	I think it would be better to like as you consume, go as you consume, so change it, change the system as you need rather than having a set, you know, quantity, yes.
IV1	I see. In that way then it wouldn’t be a full automation and you will kind of need to a bit…
P15_ES	Be a bit more proactive.
IV1	Yes, what do you think about that then?
P15_ES	Yes, it would be good because it would make you more engaged with the process. I felt a bit, you know, distanced because obviously I knew that the scales were doing most of the work for me. I wasn’t really having to do, you know, manually apart from the day that I changed it that was the only manual thing that I’ve done, everything else was just like the system working, you know, for me. So, you know, if you have a hectic schedule and we do, you don’t really want to have that as another task, you know.
00:24:01
	Obviously, we carried on shopping, going shopping and I even went and I got pasta because I just listed it, because it’s one of those things. I have my Sainsbury’s account and it goes back to instead of having to put everything manually you can go back to your past orders, and then you just bring it and then you just click, click, click it’s all done. So that’s what happened, and it’s like you find you try to find easy ways, things to make your life just press the button that’s it, it’s done.
IV1	I see. Oh, actually I’m curious, so you buy pasta in addition to the one that gets delivered, so was it because you were running out of the pasta?
P15_ES	No, it was just unconscious, I just went there.
IV1	Oh, unconscious, you just click, and it was on the list.
P15_ES	Yes, and it was just there, right, okay, just get it. It doesn’t matter it’s not going to go anywhere, pasta lasts forever.
IV1	Was there any time that you were running out of the product but not getting the delivery on time?
P15_ES	No. 
IV1	You always got it.
P15_ES	We were okay, yes, we were okay.
00:25:14
IV1	I see, because you mentioned before that the system was working accurately, so what do you mean by accurately, why do you think it was accurate?
P15_ES	Because as soon as you consume it because the, for instance, the baby potatoes they’re so small you need to use a bigger portion, so you almost run out of the baby potatoes with one meal. So, the system triggered straightaway that I needed more potato. I didn’t even, I had to look at my phone and say, oh, there’s a text message this is to say that the potatoes have run out because I just used whatever portion I needed, but it was very prompt. So, it said, oh, you need, you’re going to have a new delivery of baby potatoes.
IV1	Ah, so when you are noticing it’s running out and then you’ve got the text or email so you kind of thought it was accurate?
P15_ES	Yes, in that sense, yes.
IV1	Oh, okay.
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	So how about so let me ask you about the text and the email and the website how now can I in terms of how you interact with the system, so how did you think about the getting texts and the email?
00:26:28
P15_ES	I think for me it’s easier to get a text. I do check my emails regularly, but then you get so many emails that you sometimes you just scroll, scroll, scroll, you just want to go past them you don’t necessarily, but text messages I’m always onto them. If I receive one I read it. Okay, I know what it is, I think it’s more. And obviously they flash as well, that’s another thing.
	The emails you still need to go in and in and in, and sometimes I noticed this got quite irritating, but sometimes when you’re in a place where you don’t have much coverage you end up not being able to view your emails. So, you have that difficulty as well, whereas with the text message it’s comes through, you instantly have access to the information, it’s quicker.
IV1	I see. So, how did you think about in a way, how do you say, number of texts you were getting from the system, how about the level of frequency, were you…?
P15_ES	I’ll have to see how many I got in total because they’re all saved. But I wasn’t particularly harassed by it if you know what I mean, smart jar. No, it was just telling me that I had one slot, the timeout slot, with a suggested, I never changed the date, I never refused the dates because I said if that’s the date that’s going to be available that’s fine, it’s not really a problem. Yes, I didn’t get that many.
IV1	So you thought it wasn’t…
P15_ES	Yes, it was, okay, no, it was, okay.
IV1	Actually I’m curious, what kind of information did you check when you get the text message?
00:28:14
P15_ES	I checked the delivery dates and the times it’s going to be delivered and that’s it because if I’m at home then I will get it, if I’m not at home then I know I need to go to the concierge to get it which is a bit, last time I just received because they just send you an email saying you’ve got a parcel, so you don’t know what it is. And we were discussing this in the beginning because we don’t know whether we can receive food, but apparently there was no issue because it happened one time and they said, oh, what is it, what is the parcel? And I thought maybe it’s not the parcel maybe it’s something else. But then when he came up he said it’s the pasta I said, oh okay, then they didn’t notice. They probably didn’t even look at it, so it was good.
IV1	But were you checking the, I don’t know, the item and price and length of delivery other information too or…?
P15_ES	I checked when I picked the sweet potatoes and the…
IV1	Fusilli.
P15_ES	And the fusilli, yes, I was, I was trying to get the same sort of price range so…
IV1	Why, why were you trying?
00:29:24
P15_ES	Because I just think, well, I’m very conscious in terms of costs shopping. I’m always the, I think I’m more sensible when I go shopping. I’m always looking for promotions and discounts and waste, you know, smart shopping. And I think with everything really not just, you know, food. It’s with everything you buy even electricity, gas, everything you consume if you can get like a better price, you know, you need to sort of do your research.
IV1	So let me ask you to check if I understood so well, so when you say when you do the menu order you’re checking the price that is similar?
P15_ES	Yes, to the original.
IV1	Similar to the price from the store?
P15_ES	From, not from the store because I think…
IV1	Similar to what?
P15_ES	I think the cost of the, that we had initially.
IV1	Oh, so price to the spaghetti.
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	And then price to the…
P15_ES	Yes, the baking potatoes, yes, so to find some sort of common ground.
IV1	So because you, I’m just curious why you want it to be similar because…
00:30:44
P15_ES	Because if you’re spending, if it’s the same range, because if I go to the supermarket pasta, no matter how different it is, they’re all about the same price. There’s a range in Sainsbury’s, I don’t know which, I think it’s Sainsbury’s own range where they even sometimes may have a deal like three for two or whatever, but they’re all the same price no matter what type of, you know, pasta you choose. So, I try to be reasonable, with potatoes. Obviously, sweet potatoes I noticed that they’re more expensive than baking potatoes because baking potatoes you get four for about £1, £1.20 something like that, whereas with the sweet potatoes you get two for £1 or £1.20 also sort of equivalent cost but you get less so…
IV1	I see, okay, now I understand. So, you wanted to get an item that kind of similar range, but not like just more expensive or…?
P15_ES	No.
IV1	Let me see, I had one question and it just like…
P15_ES	Slipped your mind.
IV1	Ah, actually this one. So, you mentioned that you’re, kind of, how do you say, aware about the depot where it is coming from.
P15_ES	Oh, the depot, yes.
IV1	Depot, yes, so where, how did you check the information?
00:32:15
P15_ES	Because it was telling me that it comes from, because if it’s, normally the orders were quite quick, so I think within a couple of days or something you would get it. So, if it’s longer, if it was a longer period it means that it was coming from a more distant depot or something, that was the only thing that the system was telling me, so I knew that it was either close or somewhere further.
IV1	And then were you okay with, you know, sometimes you’re getting it quicker and sometimes you’re getting it like long days?
P15_ES	Well, to tell you the truth the only thing that didn’t come as quick was I believe the sweet potato that came a bit later. But it could be to do with the time that the system triggered that I needed it probably too late to put through that order on that day, and then sort of delays to the next day, and then it’s sort of weekend. I think that’s what happened because I got delivery on a Monday I believe, and I think it sort of interfered with the…
IV1	Because of the weekend.
P15_ES	Yes, with all of that.
IV1	But when you were looking at the list were you checking how long it would take?
P15_ES	No.
IV1	Oh, you weren’t.
00:33:25
P15_ES	No, I wasn’t, no. Only the text messages were telling me how long it was going to take to get it, yes.
IV1	Oh, I see, because I think I remember, so when you look at the manual order when you click it you can see the type, what type and then what price and then how long it will take for the delivery.
P15_ES	It will take to be delivered, I probably saw that detail, I don’t know, probably did…
IV1	But you were more…
P15_ES	Aware of the cost, yes.
IV1	Cost and the type.
P15_ES	And the type, yes.
IV1	I see, but you were anyway aware when you got the text message about how long it will take. 
P15_ES	Yes. I think having said that if it was, normally if it was the baking potatoes it would be more worrying because I would say, oh, you know, I can have a soup, or I can have something else, you do more with the baking potatoes than the sweet potatoes. The sweet potatoes are for something more specific. So that’s probably why I didn’t really think it would be a problem to have it delivered tomorrow or, you know, next week or something like that because it’s just something that, you know, different.
IV1	I see.
00:34:38
P15_ES	I think with essentials which I think is like the rice and the baking potatoes and the, you know, things like that you would have more sense of urgency of having it, yes, and if I didn’t obviously I would have to go and buy it until the system delivered or something.
IV1	So because you say you’re paying attention to the price were you paying or, how do you say, checking the budget too?
P15_ES	I checked the budget and I’ve noticed that the budget had gone down quite a lot when I’ve ordered all of that. I said, oh, it’s gone down to £31. I said, okay, all right, but you know, I saw that, you know, that we had that budget to use until the end of the experiment. So, I said, yes, that’s fine. But when you reset sort of the money went back, the balance went back to normal because obviously it was deducting all of those orders in error, yes.
IV1	I see, yes, because, yes, I think it makes sense because you are already paying attention to the price. It wasn’t just budget will make you be more conscious about your price but you are genuinely, yes, interested. Okay. Is there anything that you want to add? I’m not sure have you looked at the text or website or…?
P15_son	I haven’t really, no, I haven’t really looked at the text it was more to do with the deliveries and stuff.
00:36:00
P15_ES	Yes, Jake was the delivery guy or the collection.
IV1	You are the one getting the…
P15_son	I was collecting, I wasn’t really aware I wasn’t looking at texts whatever, yes.
IV1	I see. I was curious because you mentioned that you usually do the online shopping, and like in for the product you are using the system, how do you compare online shopping and the system you use? Even though like the, how do you say, item that you buy is different, but just kind of based on your experience, how would you compare online shopping versus the system, this kind of system?
P15_ES	Well, the only thing is like the fresh things like vegetables and you know, meat and fish and things like that, I would like to go and buy it myself because there’s more attention to the dates, to the due dates and the type of meat that you’re buying and all of that, I’m a bit picky when it comes to that. And I think everybody has their own, you know, standards. But with, I would like, the thing I liked about the system was that it does it for you. If I had scales for everything in my kitchen I would just love it because I knew, I would know that I don’t need to keep an eye on, because ideally you normally have a chart, or you have a blackboard where you write things as you’re running out so that it makes it easier when you’re ordering you know what’s missing, what you’re lacking.
00:37:38
	But it’s just so time consuming and sometimes you don’t have the energy to do it you’re just go like, okay. I end up going I obviously order online and then I go shopping because it’s not enough. You order online but you still need to go and buy your, you know, your milk on a regular basis, your bread on a regular basis, yoghurts, things that you consume daily that have to be, you know, that you need to buy again before the end of the week or for the following week and things like that. So, I would like to have scales honestly just for everything else especially the heavy things.
IV1	Because you don’t want to go and buy…
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	I see.
P15_ES	Yes, and my, still my struggle with online shopping is the fact that I still need to do it twice. I still need to do both things, and sometimes I end up being so upset that I said, you know what, just go to the supermarket and we do it all there because at least we pick what we want. We bring it all at once. it’s at home, that’s it, done, because otherwise you end up having to do half of the shopping here, half of the shopping there and it’s time consuming.
IV1	I see, ah, that’s interesting.
P15_ES	Yes.
00:38:57
IV1	But still there will be benefit for having online?
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	Okay, because…
P15_ES	There are some benefits it’s delivered to your door, sometimes it’s inconvenient if you don’t have a time slot that is convenient to you. Like, for instance, last time I ordered there was an issue that the guy couldn’t find the address because this is a new address and all of that and you know, you’ve got your life it’s all very fast paced. You either have the delivery really late or you have it really early, but then there’s lots during the day that are more, you know, that people choose, pick more, and they go quite quickly so you end up with no options. But to have it very early in the morning or very late.
IV1	I see, so then the main benefit of having online shopping will be just getting it delivered, I see. How do you say, what would be the kind of benefit of having the system, our system like compared to other, you know, going to the store and like getting, shopping online, what will be the other benefit do you think this kind of system will provide you?
00:40:13
P15_ES	I think if I was like, for instance, if it was my budget and if that’s I think one way to keep within budget is for you to know, okay, how much am I consuming of this? How much am I spending on a monthly basis? So, you keep a track of what, of how you spend, because every time, I notice every time we go or we order online it all fluctuates, you know, sometimes you buy more, sometimes you buy less, sometimes you buy specifics, sometimes you want to buy a bit extra or you want to buy, you know, you want to indulge in a little bit, you know, and you end up having all these different budgets, you know, throughout the month.
	But I think with your system you can track how much you’re spending on a specific product. And I was, it was funny because I was talking to my partner and I said, well, if we had selected like coffee, which is something that he drinks very regularly, I said I think we would have to have a delivery every three days, or four because the consumption is so much more that, you know, and it’s quite costly as well in terms of, you know, if you want good quality coffee and things like that. So, there are things that, you know, there’re essentials and then there’re things that you want to indulge, things that you want to sort of reward yourself.
IV1	I’m curious then if you have a coffee that you regularly consume online why, how about buying a lot of them at one?
P15_ES	Well, we thought of that, but buying it from supermarkets and things like that I’ve researched and it’s all pretty much the same price range because it’s that brand, that type of coffee, that quality of coffee. For us it would be a case of going to a place like Makro or Costco and buy in bulk so that you a supply for a long time. But it’s something to consider definitely because you know, I’m pretty sure that it’s not, it wouldn’t be cheap, but it would be cheaper in the long run and you wouldn’t have to sort of…
00:40:28
IV1	Yes, because I’m just curious about, yes, about in terms of you mentioned that if you’re getting it many times like so I was kind of curious. Okay, so actually another question that I’m curious was when you just kind of look back like from…
P15_ES	Before.
IV1	Like a distance in a way.
P15_ES	From, a distance, yes.
IV1	Yes, looking through like kind of reflect on your experience with the system for the last month, was there any, how do you say, like changes in terms of how you, how do you say, like doing the, like food shopping for the items that you choose, or you mentioned consumption might change a little bit, but are there any other changes you noticed compared to those times that you didn’t have the system?
P15_ES	Before we had the scales, before we had your system?
IV1	Before and after.
P15_ES	And after? I think it’s pretty much the same in terms, yes, it’s pretty much the same. It’s making sure that we have it, making sure that it’s there when we need it. I just noticed that with vegetables and obviously it’s not, it wasn’t specifically the products that we picked. But with vegetables we really, I don’t think winter is the right season for that, nobody’s really into vegetables. We buy it for the sake of having it, but then it’s a shame because they end up going in the bin because you know, they have this very short life.
00:44:13
IV1	When you kind of tried the different types of items like fusilli and sweet potato would have been a similar pattern to you not having the system to that you just kind of occasionally try different things?
P15_ES	Yes, because I would have it anyway, so I would have it at home to consume. On that particular occasion when I ordered fusilli we didn’t have any fusilli that’s when we ran out and I said, oh, let me order fusilli for a change.
IV1	I see.
P15_ES	But it’s, we’re pretty much the same we try, we vary a little bit with meats and things but the basics remain, you know, we have our brown rice. We have our Basmati rice which we must have in case, you know, you just want, because brown rice can be quite boring in terms of taste sometimes and then if you want a bit of more flavour then you have the Basmati. But I try to have both options at home, the same way that I would do with the pasta have more options and you know, yes.
IV1	Yes, okay. Marina, you mentioned several very interesting stuff about how we could in a way improve the system, like you said for the sweet potato you would buy different kind of portion because you are not going to use the one kilo of.
00:45:37
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	And also you were thinking of, you like mentioned about, you know, keeping in budget. So, I’m just curious, based on your experience, what would be some of the kind of improvement that we can think about for the system? What would you like to improve about other functions and features?
P15_ES	I think it would be nice for the system to actually offer options.
IV1	Options for…?
P15_ES	Based on what you’ve selected if the system said what if, would you like to try this, or would you like to try that, as an alternative?
IV1	You mean like, let me see, same pasta but different type or other product?
P15_ES	Yes, no, instead of me going manual and saying, oh, there’s actually other things, the system saying, okay, you’ve used, you’ve consumed spaghetti this week would you like to try a different type of pasta? Can we suggest this type of pasta? It could be a pasta that I don’t even know that exists. But just to give like a, it can be the same price range. It could be the same, you know, type of quality. The same brand even because we don’t know the brands, but just suggest different things so it’s not the same thing.
IVI	I see.
00:47:07
P15_ES	Yes, just to jazz it up I think.
IV1	So and I think I was actually curious that you mentioned that, you know, you are not really keeping the list of items to buy for the online so you’re, kind of not, how do you say, sometimes you didn’t get, so what was the problem with not having the list?
P15_ES	No, the thing is I don’t, we really should have a board there because we all consume different things at different stages. Some people spend more time at home at occasions like if it’s half term he will get home we won’t, we don’t know what he’s eating. He knows what’s running out so if we have a board and he writes down yoghurts are finished, crisps are finished and things like that things that I know, you know, I buy thinking, okay, let’s have in the house, but I’m not actually thinking of consuming it myself.
	If it’s somebody else consuming it then I have no control. He could be eating two packs of crisps a day and you know, that’s only a bag of six in three days it’s gone. So that kind of thing that kind of interaction, but I think that’s a bit to do with like family experience and you know, having that sort of knowledge that we all contributing and we all obviously, when I go shopping I don’t go shopping for myself I go shopping for three of us and we all like different things. And he likes a type of yoghurt, I like a type of yoghurt and my partner likes a type of yoghurt so we all try to cater.
00:48:40
IV1	I see, so when you mentioned that so having a scale for everything is there something that you’re saying you’re, I don’t know, if I’m, how do you say, assuming that if you have the scale for everything that it will in a way creating a list…
P15_ES	Create my list…
IV1	More monitoring what is running low and that.
P15_ES	It doesn’t even have to order. It doesn’t even have to be a system that orders for me but at least tells me you need this, this and this because supermarkets they’re fine obviously, you know, a year ago my circumstances were different I was shopping for different things. But if I go back on my shopping list there will still be those items that I was buying at that time so there’s no follow up on what I’m consuming now unless I do, I place another order and then they can see the patterns and things like that.
	Obviously, it’s a study that they do as well, isn’t it? But if you have scales in your house and things are on scales and if everything’s going down, and then the system tells me, okay, you need to order this, and you need to order, you’re running out of this that makes your life so much easier. I think fridges should come with scales, cupboards should come with scales, you know, it would be very sophisticated if we had that, isn’t it?
00:50:07
IV1	Yes, so the idea you mentioned about the system recommending different, you know, such as [unclear] or something that very interesting and actually other participants also kind of mentioned those kinds of things. But one thing that I think it is in a way, how do you say, challenging or tricky, is that you want to get recommendations or suggestions, but sometimes if you’re getting it then you’re like, ah, I don’t want to bother with it or I’m getting too many suggestions, so it is in a way designing when will be the right time to suggest and…
P15_ES	But that would be at a time where you’re running out of the product, right. So I believe that the same way that you are harassed with the system triggering that you need a delivery of this, or you’re going to have a delivery of this, it could easily be a suggestion instead, obviously say you need a new supply of this item, but would you like to try this? So, it gives you the option, so you would imagine that one-hour time slot that it gives you it could be you saying, oh, actually, it gives me time to select whether I want to go for this option or that.
IV1	I see, okay, I didn’t think about it, but that’s very good idea, okay, because we will find the right time to provide a suggestion and you can consider and make actions. Oh, okay. Is there any other kind of thing that you thought about?
P15_ES	Not really, it’s very easy because, it’s very easy to forget that you have the system because it’s just there, you’re consuming it, like a little ball I just take in and put and take and don’t really consider anything else.
00:52:05
	So, you end up, it ends up being a way of living it’s almost it’s a part of, you know, your day to day. You don’t really think, oh, there’s a scale there. Oh, I need to think, now it’s just you get involved in other things and it just becomes part of a, that’s why I was saying it would be brilliant if I had scales everywhere.
IV1	Actually that’s quite interesting and I actually wanted to ask you more about so like you mentioned how it becomes part of your, how do you say, practice or life and it’s interesting that you say that this is a very, in a way a very novel system, but you find it very kind of in a way fluid to getting into.
P15_ES	Yes, to get into.
IV1	I don’t know I’m just curious how, do you have any thought on that how this system was in a way maybe successful to be kind of smoothly feeding into your system or…?
P15_ES	I didn’t find any, I didn’t see any problems honestly. I thought it was, you know, it worked well, you know, when it needed to work so I didn’t see any problems apart from when I tried to fiddle with it. But that was, you know, even error, but in terms of me interfering but the system in its own it was working, you know, it was doing what it should.
00:53:39
IV1	Were you kind of, I’m just curious because I was kind of hearing your experience I’m kind of putting myself in your situation and I was thinking that like, okay, I have this online shopping that I can order if I want and I can go to store if I need to buy something like now, and I have this system that kind of like measuring and then doing, same like kind of measure the weight and orders something when it’s running out. So, in a way in my head there are three different systems working together, right, for your, in terms of your food shopping and let me see, I don’t know how to ask this question. So, let me see, based on your experience of one month how you kind of describe this different mode of shopping, is there anything that you want to kind of compare or just elaborate?
P15_ES	Obviously it’s easier if you just come home and you know that whatever’s running out is being replaced without you having to make the effort of having, you know, because normally when I’m on my way home I stop, and I shop and then I come, and I bring things like that. But all that process of carrying, picking, queueing and all of that it’s a bit, you know, sometimes you get tired of the process and I noticed then we didn’t move to Greenwich a long time ago, it was like about a year ago, and I’ve noticed that I had a pattern. I came from work, well, before even getting home I had gone to Tesco’s, I had gone to Coop, I had gone to all these different things to buy, to different places to buy different things before I went home. And then I was getting so tired always carrying bags and I’m like, but I can’t, I remember, you know, we went shopping or we, I received an online shopping, you know, order a few days ago why am I still shopping. Why am I still, what am I going for?
00:55:57
	It was just, it becomes part of your, you know, of your routine. You don’t, you do it almost unconsciously, you know, where you’re buying things just for the sake of buying things, not necessarily because you need them. But because it’s like, I don’t know, I have this thing let me just buy, let me just go and buy, buy, buy. And then I noticed that I needed to stop that that cycle because I was just wasting money because things were not being consumed as I expected. I was just thinking that I needed those things but not necessarily, because if I open my fridge there are things there that need to be, you know, consumed, but still my mind was telling me I need to go shopping. I need to shop for this and I need to shop for that.
IV1	I see, okay.
P15_ES	So it’s all to do with your psyche as well, isn’t it? It’s your psyche saying, telling you let’s go, we need to shop for this, we need to shop for that, but no, sometimes it’s just a waste because you’re just buying too much. And then I became more aware of the dates like, for instance, bread, bread doesn’t last too long, you know, you have to buy a smaller loaf, consume it within the date and then, you know, a few days later you buy another loaf and you consume it. I was just buying loads and loads and loads of things that were just going in the bin after a few days, oh, half a loaf is gone. 
00:57:26
IV1	I see, it’s interesting to do the interview so that we can kind of better understand about like you say like these mundane things that we do, but we don’t really kind of think about what, okay, that’s good. So, I will, I have just one, like two or three, a couple of questions left and then I think we will be kind of done. And one thing that I wanted to ask you was, so would there be any, let me see, have a look at these questions. How do you think, like could you imagine that a system like this could help you to be more sustainable in a way?
P15_ES	I think it would.
IV1	How, in what, because I remember in the first interview kind of Jon mentioned about happy chicken and like organic stuff and I was just curious would there, be based on your experience would there be a way for this system to help you to be more sustainable?
P15_ES	I think so if we were able, like if the system catered to my needs were more personalised.
IV1	Personalised you say?
P15_ES	Yes, then I could pick what I consume, the type of, you know, I know that we don’t have the option at the moment of having brands, se don’t pick the brands. But I could say I only want organic products so then I only get delivered a delivery of organic products and then it’s sort of, you know, some people don’t really bother. Obviously, there is a cost to organic products they’re a lot more expensive and we mentioned that in the first interview that if you go to the markets like to the farmer’s markets you get things a lot cheaper, they’re better but then it’s like finding a farmer’s market having to go on a weekly basis and things like that so, no, we don’t always feel like doing that, sometimes it’s just easier.
00:59:30
	And as I said it’s all to do with circumstances. At the moment we’re focused on having a baby, yes, so everything that we do is around, okay, what do we need for the baby, what do we need, so we’re not really focused on anything else. And the time that we would spend like going shopping, stopping at M&S to buy this and that or Sainsbury’s or whatever or Waitrose, we don’t really feel like doing it anymore, and it’s like it’s winter you don’t want to be out if you don’t have to, you know, so we try to make life easier. I think in the summer we did have a lot we were out and about, and we were more available to do things. Now it’s just going, it’s just dying, dying, dying out this feeling of, this urge of shopping and doing things.
IV1	So actually I’m curious because you are the only one we have for the participants who are pregnant, it’s a good opportunity for me to ask these questions. So, in terms of, I don’t know you mentioned the circumstances around your life situation how, what kind of things does a system like this need to consider for people who are pregnant? Is there anything that you think it will be nice you know that being pregnant is there something?
P15_ES	Yes, one thing is like, for instance, heavy items obviously I can’t carry weight, so that’s one thing that I would like a system to do for me, okay. You cannot carry milk. You cannot carry, you know, certain things like that. And then suggesting healthy eating options because you don’t always want, you know, broccoli and you know, the healthy options. You want, you just want the odd fried chicken and things like that, you know, so it’s good.
01:01:27
	Like, for instance, as an example, today I was at Uni and people were talking about lunch options and they said, oh, there’s actually a Christmas meal today at the cafeteria. And I said, oh, interesting I’m going to go there and have a look because it’s like, it’s unusual that they change the menu, but today was a special menu. So, I went down, and I said, oh, actually it’s very nice, and vegetables that I would not normally touch or eat or, you know, even consider I decided to have it because they were there, you know, very nicely displayed, you know, looking very tasty. I said I’m going to give it a chance. And it was actually delicious. And I think it’s the very, it’s the first healthy option I had at university for a long time.
	I don’t remember ever picking vegetables I would always go for fries and chicken and you know, all sorts of things I wouldn’t really, I’m not really much of a salad or thing person. But because it wasn’t available because most of the things that they had available were fried things, you know, deep fried and things like that which are not the healthiest option. But today I just decided, yes, that looks good, why not? So, it would be nice to have like the system saying this vegetable is very good. It’s very good for your baby’s eyes, and that’s the thing that’s the catch. When you’re pregnant all these websites that you sign up for, for parents and you know, new moms and all of that, they all target what’s best for the baby and as long as you’re conscious that you want the best for your baby then you’re going to do it, you know, so it links up. So that’s the route to go if you target babies, you target mums.
01:03:23
IV1	I’m just curious so because some of the, like purchases are mentioned that like in part they don’t want the system telling you what to do in a way, but I was I think just curious whether because you’re pregnant you’ll be more susceptible?
P15_ES	To opinions, yes.
IVI	Do you think?
P15_ES	I think so I’m more vulnerable I’m more gullible, yes, definitely more gullible, obviously I do my research and I consider I don’t go for, but it’s a lot easier to convince me.
IV1	Because you’re pregnant?
P15_ES	Because I’m pregnant, yes.
IV1	More than you are not.
P15_ES	Than when I’m not, yes, I think so too. I think I was a bit more free-willed when I obviously because you know you can eat anything and you can drink anything and you can do anything, but now you sort of consider the consequences of what you eat, the consequences of what you drink and things like that, so definitely.
01:04:22
IV1	I see, so I have one, two more questions and I think it’s done, sorry, you are pregnant so.
P15_ES	No, it’s fine, he’s asleep.
IV1	So what do you most like about the system and don’t like about the system, because you say a lot of nice things about the system so I’m also curious about something that didn’t meet your expectations?
P15_ES	Because it was a new system I’ve never seen any, I was never a part of an experiment like this I can’t really judge because I didn’t have any expectations. I just wanted to know how it would work and if it would work for me. I think now having an experience now and if you come back in about like, you know, six months I would tell you actually I expected the system to be like this and to be like that.
	I think I should only really be judging based on an experiment and an experience rather than just expect the system to do things that, you know, probably wasn’t, you know, the concept to start with. So I can’t really say I’m not, I don’t like this or that in the system because I didn’t know the system at all, so I gave it, you know, obviously I can suggest improvements and ways of, you know, to sort of, but then it would be based on my experience and it would be based on my needs because I don’t know about the other participants but yes, I can only suggest things but not really criticise.
01:05:56
IV1	So is there anything else that you, anything that you didn’t like about the system?
P15_ES	Not really. I thought it was really straightforward. Maybe suggest that, you know, in the future if you want to carry on with the experiment maybe have an app.
IV1	Oh, right, so app meaning?
P15_ES	Application on your phone, instead of being a webpage being an application because in terms of interactivity it might be a bit more user friendly to have an app rather than a website.
IV1	So what was the kind of more inconvenient thing with the website that can be better addressed by having an app.
P15_ES	An app, it’s just because it’s very static, you know, we’re always fiddling with our phones and you know, you sort of want things to happen, things to, you want interactivity. So, I think, yes, I was quite as an example, I was quite excited this morning when I got a text message from my GP saying that I have an appointment and I went on, so I saw the text message. I said, oh, there’s a link to an app and I pressed it and it’s brilliant. It’s an app that you go, you put your details. It comes up with your details saying, okay, you have an appointment on this date and I said, this is brilliant. You can request appointments you can do everything without having to be on the phone in the morning waiting for them to come, you know, yes, so it’s really, I think it’s the future is, you know, interactivity.
IV1	Actually that’s something that we want to hear more to use it. So when you say interactivity could you kind of give more examples in terms of the app for this kind of system what would be that interactivity?
01:07:48
P15_ES	I think like, for instance, you’d get the products and you’d get everything. So, you get notifications rather than text messages which is pretty much, if you put it on your phone you still see the notifications popping up so it’s pretty much the same as a text message. But with the app, for instance, you could have Q&As frequent questions kind of thing, so people can sort of know, you know, more about the system itself, because at the moment I was only looking at my profile and not really knowing much about the experiment or about the programme, you know, in detail or you know, more information.
	And then you could have a help type of tab where, you know, you go on it and then you type a question, or you know, I ordered this by mistake can I, how can I rectify it, and then you get an email and then you reply and things like that. So, a bit more, you know, so you’re not just having a machine there just, you know, static. You actually have that, you know, sense that you’re actually having a conversation with someone or somebody on the other side that’s actually paying attention to what you’re doing or what you’re requesting through the app.
IV1	That’s very interesting you mentioned that because this is kind of in a way system like, you know, like a programme or an algorithm working then you’re mentioning there’s someone that you can have conversation and knowing what you’re, kind of buying, was there something that you’re, kind of trying, you were mentioning in terms of more human element or…?
01:09:36
P15_ES	I think it would have to be either, well, at some point there is a human element because we’re the ones who programme things, isn’t it? We’re the ones who tailor things even though computers work on their own but with our, with what we input. So, it would still show that there is somebody on the other side. If I see answers to my potential questions are there it means that somebody thought of them you see, and that somebody would have to be a human although the computer is just a trigger in saying, okay, here’s the answer to your question. But this was considered this was properly, you know, taken.
IV1	 Because this is very interesting for me because, you know, these days there’s like AI and you know, all the data and then the system will just kind of automatically, you know, understand the data and respond and give answers, so there’s this kind of huge trend. But it’s interesting that you mentioned that the human behind the system. So, what would be in a way value or benefit of having this human element like compared to like system?
P15_ES	I think it’s just the fact that it’s rational.
IV1	Rational.
01:10:58
P15_ES	Yes, the fact that you actually it’s the same as you calling you’re trying to get through to a call centre and you are answered by a machine, you want to speak to someone. You want to explain your problem, you want that person to give you a reply and to give you, you know, reassurance that, you know, your problem is going to be addressed and things like that. And I think I have a genuine, although I like, you know, obviously technology and you know, artificial intelligence and all that I have respect for that, I still feel that having a human like being, you know, having a contact with a human it still makes, it makes a huge difference.
IV1	What kind of difference?
P15_ES	In terms of, I think it’s the response, it’s not so much the time of the response, but the type of response. I think the human would reason, would, you know, give you options would, you know, a computer would just say it’s, yes or no, you know, it’s just a straight, you know, manufactured answer, whereas if you have a human then you’re like, okay, but is there this option? Can we do this, and can we do that? And then you can sort of articulate and you know, find a solution to your problem whereas a machine would just tell you, no, yes.
IV1	I see, that’s interesting because I’m just asking you because this is very interesting, what you’re saying is very interesting so that’s why I’m asking because usually, I don’t know, my experience when you say rational it’s more in terms of like system when you describe system it’s more rational.
01:12:43
P15_son	Logical, yes.
IV1	Logical and then, but when you’re saying it was human side being more like rational and logical I thought that was kind of interesting.
P15_ES	I feel that way, I don’t know, I don’t know if everybody feels that way, but I feel more comfortable and more reassured talking to a person and knowing that I’m going to possibly touch their emotional side so that I get a reply based on that as well with that emotional impact, rather than just a machine telling me go left, turn right.
IV1	Yes, actually that is really fascinating the things that you just talked about, so I think you… do you want to, sorry, to keep you waiting. So, because I don’t know how much you were involved or with the food shopping or whatever, but like based on your experience with the system what would be the one that if you have any idea about what would be good to improve?
P15_son	I don’t know because for me usually when I’m online and stuff if, for example, I have a problem which usually because I do I have like a games console, I have a play station and sometimes there’s a lot of issues that I come across so I try to go online and I try to look for the problem, and then they give you like a tab where you can do an online chat with someone who represents you then it can help you in a way. So, maybe if you applied this sort of thing to this concept maybe people who’d be a bit more comfortable because they’re actually speaking to someone and communication, you know, is good. So, as long as you have someone that can listen to your problem then you most likely can get it resolved quickly rather than just having to look for their help and stuff.
01:14:50
P15_ES	Yes, looking for help can be gosh, even I know that they could create forums and all these, you know, sites that we can go and look for answers and things, but it’s so time consuming. It can be so time consuming and people give you all sorts of random questions, answers, you know, and sometimes it’s just your problem is different to my problem because you have a different machine or because you have, you know, different internet connection and things like that. So, it’s not guaranteed that you’re going to find a solution within those forums, you still need to go and have some sort of interaction.
	Because I don’t know what’s on the other side of the line, but at least people try to give you options, try to help you in different sense so, yes. For me it’s quite frustrating when it’s all machines, machines and you don’t, if it comes like a cycle where you’re going from one end to the other end thinking that you’re going to eventually find a person but, no, it’s still a machine telling you what to do, yes. I think the future is, you know, machines. It’s, you know, all going to be robots in the future so.
IV1	Jake, were you kind of more aware about, how do you say, food getting refilled or delivered because of the system than before? Like were you, I don’t know how much you were aware or paying attention about what your mom is buying?
01:16:22
P15_son	Not really actually. I think it was when the system came in I think that’s when I started to realise that certain change in the stuff. But before I wasn’t really paying much attention.
P15_ES	It’s isn’t refill, isn’t it? Yes, when we go shopping it’s always there.
P15_son	It’s always there, so it’s not something that I put my mind to that this is more, I don’t know in a way you just know that it’s going to get delivered and stuff.
P15_ES	But you do, having said that, you do realise that like when the shopping comes you’re more aware of what we have, aren’t you?
P15_son	Yes, as well, yes, because you usually come back with a lot of things and I just pick through, take things out and I would just see what you have and stuff.
P15_ES	And do you remember the things are there?
P15_son	Sometimes it just depends.
01:17:19
P15_ES	That’s another thing it’s buying and just putting it in shelves and then forgetting that they’re there to be used and consumed. I mean with the basic things like cereals and you know, cereal and milk and you know, the things that you see instantly it’s easy because you use them on a regular basis but there are things that you just forget.
P15_son	Forget, don’t remember at all.
IV1	So do you think having this, having this kind of system become more aware of about what you are consuming or…?
P15_ES	Oh, I think so. Having that there because I normally obviously just put things in there but having that scale and having, and when I open the cupboard there I actually see my pasta because it’s quite visible. Normally I put it to the back and then I put it with something, I put something else in front of it, but because we didn’t want anything to interfere with the scale it’s quite visible, so you just see, oh, it’s there.
IV1	I see.
P15_ES	Yes, I think it’s a matter of where you place things as well.
IV1	So I wasn’t sure if you had a kind of chance to look at the graph.
P15_ES	Oh, no, I didn’t see the graph, no.
IV1	Were you curious about this?
P15_ES	I was going, I needed to know the pattern, yes, definitely. 
IV1	Yes, but you didn’t think of going to the website and looking at it?
01:18:45
P15_ES	No, I didn’t go to the website.
IV1	Why not?
P15_ES	No, I don’t know I don’t think I’ve explored it. 
IV1	Because I’m curious for the study why people like, how do you say, even though, when you are presented with this data you’ll be curious but not necessarily you are, you know, going for, yes, so I was kind of curious why?
P15_ES	Yes, because it was there. I don’t know.
IV1	Okay, so this is the data for the spaghetti. This is the first time I think we like start the scale and then somehow it increased, I don’t know why.
P15_ES	That was one kilo that’s because we picked the one kilo.
IV1	Okay, then you’re learning rules, so you’ve got the delivery I think. Let me check. So, these are the list of the deliveries that you had. So, I think actually the order is from here.
01:19:46
P15_ES	From there, yes. 
IV1	Yes as well, like 12.
P15_ES	Spaghetti.
IV1	12th, this is the 12th.
P15_ES	Oh, here, okay. I can’t see the numbers very well.
IV1	12, 17, 17 I think, can I, I’m sorry.
P15_ES	That’s okay.
IV1	I see, okay. This is 17. This was 13 so it was like somewhere here you got the delivery because this was the date of, date that you placed the order.
P15_ES	Of the first order.
IV1	So you will get a little later. This is the first time you get the order and then you are running low, so you got another spaghetti I think maybe at this point.
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	And then one week later fusilli.
P15_ES	Yes.
IV1	Yes, and then, yes, like you say it doesn’t go down. Yes, so this is the spaghetti, and this is the potato, so you have two baby potatoes only like around this time first, and then like the 21st somewhere here, I think maybe here, and then got the sweet potato.
01:21:07
P15_ES	Sweet potato.
IV1	Yes.
P15_ES	Which is, yes.
IV1	Yes, so when you look at the data what do you think?
P15_ES	I think it’s pretty accurate. I think, yes, I even remember those meals.
IV1	So how about like the system like checking and monitoring this kind of data about your consumption do you have any, you know, concern about the system checking and monitoring this data?
P15_ES	No, not really, no. 
IV1	Because like it might be privacy issue or, no.
P15_ES	When it’s like, like normally if it’s for studies and to improve a system I don’t see why it would be an invasion of privacy especially if I agree to it. So, I knew that there was an element of, you know, statistics, so I don’t see the issue, no.
IV1	So even when you, for example, you have, can continue have this kind of system then if you decide to use this system then you’ll be okay with this checking?
P15_ES	Yes, I would.
P15_son	Outside the study.
01:22:22
P15_ES	Is this, no, I don’t know that’s my next question, is this something that it’s projected for the future like to have, how would you have the scales and how would you obviously because you can’t have like small scales for every single item, but what is the future of this?
IV1	Yes, so in terms of our study we are kind of exploring the concept of automated ordering and knowing the system when to order and deliver, but for this more, how do you say, challenging technical stuff we don’t know. We don’t, we are not actually, how do you say, investigating.
IV2	Yes, it’s not in the scope, but what would be the scope is the fact that there is a system collecting your data, so you mentioned that, yes, it’s fine because you know, you gave consent in the study.
P15_ES	Yes.
IV2	But how about if you think about it in a future scenario where it’s outside the study it’s a product you bought from the shop, is that something that you still would be kind of welcoming?
P15_ES	Well, that pretty much already happens because if you see anything that you search on Google there is a system, you know, collecting your data and then throwing all that information at you at some point, you know, when you’re browsing something else and it keeps popping up.
01:23:46
	So, this data collection is already being done pretty much, even with like, for instance, with Sainsbury’s any accounts that you set up basically they, you know, you’re tied to it, right. And what they do is they follow the patterns. So, say they say, oh, wow, she likes sweetcorn, she buys sweetcorn a lot so let’s suggest sweetcorn next time. And I noticed that when I get to the end of my shopping, so I go to checkout, the system says wait a minute you forgot to order sweetcorn would you like so much, don’t you want to buy? 
	And then I click on it, yes, of course I forget sweetcorn, you see but they’re already studying my pattern. There’s a pattern study already there so it’s not abnormal and it’s not unusual. I think some people are still living in Lalaland thinking we’re all there’s privacy issue, but everything is out in the open. Our data is everywhere, and we don’t know how it’s shared which is another issue. So, you have no control over these things, do you? So, at the end of the day.
IV1	Does Sainsbury’s do a good job like making suggestions and…?
P15_ES	They do. They’re very good. They keep your, obviously you have, there’s a few things that you need to do like, for instance, set you favourites.
IV1	Oh, manually?
01:25:13
P15_ES	Yes, you set your favourites manually. But then they’re very good at saving your orders, and then if you don’t want to go you just drag one order to, you know, put it in the cart again and you know, you say, okay, I don’t want this, or I don’t want this quantity, and you edit it as you go, but it’s very straightforward. They’re very good. They’re actually better than other supermarkets.
IV1	Yes. Do you have any…?
IV2	Not really apart from that one, actually so at one point you mentioned about the experiences for the family, was there anything that during the studies especially using the service did that sort of have an effect on you, you know, like you mentioned that certain items that you buy, but did that have an affect at all like sort of family?
P15_ES	It didn’t really affect because we had enough supply of everything. I think if we ran out then it would have been a problem because obviously I don’t know maybe somebody would feel like they have to go and buy on that occasion, you need to have that product, we’re specifically cooking this thing. But we’re really easy going, we’re quite flexible. If we predict one meal and if we can’t cook it for any reason, then we would reset it and think of something else. It’s not like we’re stuck oh, we’re not going to eat now because we don’t have this, or we don’t have potato we don’t have this, then you just look for things that are in the house that you can sort of work around so we’re pretty flexible.
01:26:53
	And we, sorry, I know you were going to say, and we decreased our takeaways as well.
IV2	Ah, yes.
P15_ES	Now we only do it like once a week and sometimes not even that. We try to sort of cook meals as a family and interact and make sure that everybody’s included, yes, so it makes it better. It makes it fun as well.
IV1	Actually I remember at the beginning of the study you mentioned that Jon and you particularly wanted to reduce food waste, and then this will be one way to kind of in a way experimenting I think you mentioned, so I was kind of curious about experiment and ask questions.
P15_ES	And we did that actually. We decreased that, yes, because Jon is pretty much a vegetable person. He likes vegetables, because we’re from different cultures my culture is not so inclined to eating vegetables. We eat other things to compensate obviously. But what was happening is we were buying in quantities, and the thing is that’s another problem with supermarkets sometimes you buy a packet of, you know, like, for instance, spinach we probably would like to buy half of that but they only offer that particular option, that particular size.
01:28:15
	And that creates an issue because if it’s just the one person consuming it obviously he’s not going to finish the pack, you know, within two or three days. So, we do try to just buy things as we need when we need it if it’s very specific. If it’s like if he need, okay, on the way back from work, oh, can you please buy me some spinach, can you please buy me some…? But we know, we’re very conscious that it needs to, you know, it needs to be consumed otherwise it just goes to waste. Yes, so we’re trying to reduce that because it was like a big bag of, you know, spoilt vegetables just going because nobody was eating it, yes.
IV1	Thank you very much. I think like this interview more like one and a half hours. I’m sorry.
P15_ES	That’s fine.
IV1	You’re pregnant so I don’t want to make you more tired.
P15_ES	No, it’s actually quite good. It’s very introspective study as well so you get to know what, you know, how you consume as well, very interesting. 
01:29:00